Directory: Characters → Villains → DBZ villains → Frieza's Elite

"If those little twerps think they can outrun me, they've got another thing coming! And when I get my hands on them, they're gonna lose a lot more than their eyes. Do you hear me?! I'm gonna tear you apart! I'm gonna rip you to pieces! And I'm gonna love every minute of it!"

— "The Hunted"

	

Dodoria

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

ドドリア

Dodoria

	
		Alias

	
	Commander Dodoria

Debuts

	
		Appears in

	
	Dragon Ball ZDragon Ball GTDragon Ball SuperSuper Dragon Ball Heroes

	
		Manga Debut

	
	"Planet Namek, Cold and Dark"

	
		Anime Debut

	
	"Brood of Evil"

	
		Movie Debut

	
	Bardock - The Father of Goku

	
		Game Debut

	
	Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza

Characteristics

	
		Race

	
	Dodoria's race

	
		Gender

	
	Male

	
		Death Date(s)

	
	December 18, Age 762
Age 790

Professional Status

	
		Occupation

	
	Frieza's Aide[1]
Guard of Frieza[2]
Frieza Force Commander[3]
Frieza Force Senior Officer[4]
Frieza Force Enforcer[5]

	
		Allegiance

	
	Frieza Force (Frieza's Elite)
Team Dodoria
Dark Empire[6][4]

Personal Status

Dodoria (ドドリア, Dodoria) is a member of the Frieza Force. He is a ruthless warrior that serves alongside Zarbon as one of Frieza's top two highest ranking Generals and right-hand men.

Contents

1 Appearance

2 Personality

3 Biography

3.1 Background

3.2 Dragon Ball Z

3.2.1 Frieza Saga

3.3 Dragon Ball Super

3.3.1 Golden Frieza Saga

3.4 Dragon Ball GT

3.4.1 Super 17 Saga

4 Super Dragon Ball Heroes

4.1 Supreme Kai of Time Saga

5 Film Appearances

5.1 Bardock - The Father of Goku

5.2 Broly

6 Other Dragon Ball Stories

6.1 Episode of Bardock

6.2 Online

6.3 Xenoverse 2

7 Power

8 Abilities

9 Appearances

9.1 Manga

10 Appearances in Other Media

10.1 Video Game Appearances

11 Voice Actors

12 Battles

13 List of characters killed by Dodoria

14 Trivia

15 Gallery

16 References

17 Site Navigation

	
		
				
					
					
				
			Quick Answers

		

		
	

	
			
				
					Who does Dodoria serve as a right-hand man alongside Zarbon?
						
				
				
					
						Dodoria, along with Zarbon, serves as a right-hand man to Frieza. They are Frieza's highest-ranking Generals. Zarbon also acts as Frieza's personal advisor. Dodoria holds multiple roles in the Frieza Force, including Frieza's Aide, Guard, Commander, Senior Officer, and Reconnaissance Leader.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is the significance of Dodoria's blue variant of the common Battle Armor?
						
				
				
					
						Dodoria, a prominent figure in Dragon Ball Z, is characterized by his unique blue variant of the common Battle Armor, typically worn by Frieza's men. This armor, complete with brown shoulder pads and a green scouter, distinguishes Dodoria from other characters. However, the blue variant does not carry any specific significance.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Is Dodoria a male or female character in Dragonball Z?
						
				
				
					
						Dodoria's gender in Dragonball Z is male in the original and most dubbed versions. In the Greek and Hungarian versions, Dodoria is depicted as a female.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is the meaning behind the names Zarbon and Dodoria?
						
				
				
					
						In the Dragon Ball series, the names Zarbon and Dodoria are fruit-inspired. Zarbon originates from the Pomelo fruit, and Dodoria from the Durian fruit. These characters, being the primary antagonists to Vegeta, are the inaugural and concluding villains across all Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, and Dragon Ball GT series.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
	

Appearance[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Akira Toriyama's art of Dodoria
 		 	 
Dodoria is a large and pink alien warrior with protruding spikes on his arms and head. He also wears a blue variant of the common Battle Armor that most of Frieza's men have, including the brown colored shoulder pads and a green scouter. In the manga, Dodoria has only three fingers per hand while he has more human-like four fingers and a thumb in the anime.

Despite Toriyama's manga art portraying Dodoria as pink, his later Dodoria artwork for the Kanzenban depicts him as being golden skinned.

Personality[]

Dodoria has a rather brash and vulgar demeanor in sharp contrast to the more refined attitude seen in his comrade Zarbon. He is intelligent but often lets his anger get the best of him, which results in violent rages and an uncontrollable lust for carnage and destruction, with Frieza's strong word the only thing that can keep him calm. Dodoria can also feel extreme fear under the presence of a much stronger foe, who may have him backed into a corner with no victory opportunity in sight. He also tends to underestimate his foes, this was seen when he saw Bardock survive his attack, the Namekians powering up, and Vegeta overpowering him. He is also rather careless when it comes to finishing his foes as a result of his habit of underestimating them. He is also very proud of his strength.

Out of all of Frieza's men, Dodoria is arguably the most vicious. He is shown to be very sadistic and enjoys murdering Saiyans and Namekians. He has no qualms against murdering children such as Cargo and Dende or the elderly such as Moori. He is also very violent and tends to settle his problems with force. He also tends to look down on Saiyans much like Zarbon does. Nonetheless, and despite having suggested himself that the Saiyans were better be exterminated, when Frieza blew up the planet—and anyone on it, his own army included—in Age 737, he was shown looking at those which the emperor described as "fireworks" with horrified face; also, Dodoria was shown being nervous when Frieza ordered Zarbon to open the spaceship, without waiting for the army to come back. This means that Dodoria's cruelty and viciousness had a limit, while Frieza maniacally laughed at the genocide he caused.

In Xenoverse 2, it is revealed that despite his brash personality, he is good to the troops under his command even taking them out to eat when in a good mood which is supported by his treatment of the Future Warrior well when they are his student and/or part of his faction. As a result, he is popular among his men and the rougher and tumble members of the Frieza Force, though many of the more intellectual types tend to favor Zarbon over him. He is also favored over Zarbon who is well known for being somewhat of a perfectionist due to his obsession with beauty, while Dodoria is less concerned with appearances and more willing to get his hands dirty alongside his men making him a better field commander. However, Dodoria can recognize talent and values the Warrior as a subordinate even willing to take their advice, though he also uses their brains to his advantage in order to gain headway with his master Frieza and outdo Zarbon (who is depicted as somewhat of a rival for Dodoria in the Xenoverse series).

In Dragon Ball Legends, Dodoria is revealed to dislikes the taste of Earth's food even attempting to destroy a restaurant, only to be stopped by Shallot who finds Earth's food (including that made by the restaurant in question) delicious and implies Dodoria has a bad sense of taste (which makes sense considering noted gourmets like Beerus and Whis would also strongly disagree).

Biography[]

Background[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Toyotarou's interpretation of what happened to Team Bardock during the Genocide of the Saiyans in Broly.
 		 	 
Dodoria originally served under King Cold as a member of the Cold Force along with Zarbon and the Ginyu Force prior to his retirement. After he retired, he passed control over to his son Frieza, the Cold Force was renamed the Frieza Force and Dodoria eventually began serving Frieza alongside Zarbon going forward.[7] Because of his high power level, he became Frieza's enforcer and one of his two attendants and highest-ranking generals, the other being Zarbon.

According to Toyotarou's interpretation, during Dragon Ball Super: Broly, Dodoria and two of his underlings killed Tora and the other members of his squad after they were contacted by Leek about the order to return to Planet Vegeta, similarly to what happened in Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku; in the latter, Dodoria was sent to Planet Meat to eradicate Team Bardock, a Saiyan attack force sent to that planet and thus potential survivors of the planned Saiyan genocide.

Dragon Ball Z[]

Frieza Saga[]

Main article: Namek Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria on Namek
 		 	 
Dodoria accompanies Zarbon alongside their master Frieza to planet Namek in search of the Dragon Balls, which Frieza plans to use to gain immortality, thus maintaining his dominance in the universe. Dodoria is able to help him collect most of the Dragon Balls by mercilessly slaughtering the Namekians as a means to extract information from them.[8][9][10][11] Vegeta soon shows up on Namek with his own desire to find the Dragon Balls and quickly kills Cui, who was sent to dispose of Vegeta. As he does so, Dodoria's scouter runs wild, telling him that Vegeta's power level is 24,000, which Dodoria dismisses as a malfunction given that would have meant Vegeta was stronger than him.[12]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria, Frieza, and Zarbon interrogate the Namekian villagers
 		 	 
At the same time, a group of three Namekian warriors arrive to save the survivors of Frieza's most recent attack. Dodoria reads the Namekian warriors' power levels as lower than Frieza's soldiers and proceeds to mock them. However, the group of Namekians power up and kill Frieza's low-level minions easily, confusing Dodoria. After the village elder Moori ruined their chances of locating the other Dragon Balls by destroying their scouters,[10] Dodoria attempts to attack the elderly Namekian in revenge, although he is quickly called back by Frieza to deal with the three Namekian warriors first. Dodoria makes quick work of the three on Frieza's orders, brutally slaughtering the Namekians without mercy, also citing when they try to gang up on him that he is able to handle ten of them.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria kills Moori by brutally snapping his neck
 		 	 
In the hopes of preventing further bloodshed, Moori then reveals the location of the Dragon Ball in his village. Frieza asks him to reveal the location of the other villages as payment for Moori's earlier destruction of their scouters. Moori refuses and orders Cargo and Dende to run away while he buys them time. Dodoria kills Cargo (in the manga this was actually Frieza's doing) with a blast over Moori's shoulder, and then grabs Moori in a choke hold before brutally cracking his neck. As Dodoria moves along to finish Dende, Gohan in a rage intervenes by kicking Dodoria into a Namekian house, thus Krillin and Gohan save the young Namekian. Dodoria, enraged by their interference, is ordered by Frieza to pursue them. Dodoria catches up to the three of them quite swiftly, briefly managing to capture Krillin. However, he is halted by the temporary blindness that Krillin's Solar Flare induces, allowing them to seek refuge.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria uses Energy Cannon on Gohan and Krillin during the pursuit
 		 	 
Once Dodoria comes to his senses,[11] he unleashes his Maximum Buster, demolishing the land below. Convinced that this onslaught was enough to finish Krillin, Gohan, and Dende, Dodoria makes his return to Frieza, not noticing that the trio had survived his attack by floating high above him. As he makes his way back to Frieza, Dodoria is attacked and forced into the waters below by an unknown force. Upon surfacing, he finds his assailant to have been none other than Vegeta, who has now decided to betray Frieza to achieve immortality and destroy Frieza and conquer the universe. Dodoria encourages him to run away while he can, but Vegeta decides to challenge Dodoria instead.

Angered by Vegeta's confidence, Dodoria attempts to get the scouter from Vegeta, which the latter drops on the ground. However, Vegeta crushes it with his foot, as he can now sense energy. He then brings up his increase in power. This causes Dodoria to remember the time when Vegeta's powering up caused Zarbon's scouter to break. Rebuking that Vegeta has gotten stronger, Dodoria tries to finish him quickly with the Maximum Buster. Easily avoiding the attacks, Vegeta then grapples Dodoria into submission while telling him of how Saiyans get stronger from near death experiences like he did from his battle on Earth. With this, Dodoria realizes the true extent of Vegeta's power. In an attempt to save himself, Dodoria tries to bargain with Vegeta, offering to tell the secret behind the destruction of the Saiyan homeworld. Vegeta takes him up on the offer and releases him, as Dodoria informs Vegeta of the planet's true fate, and at the same time takes the opportunity to try and fly back to Frieza. Vegeta, however, is not in a forgiving mood and reveals his anger at being their pawn, while declaring they would pay. He ruthlessly eliminates the fleeing Dodoria with a Finish Blaster.[13]

Dragon Ball Super[]

During the climax of the Vegeta Saga, Dodoria appears in a flashback with Zarbon in the "Special Comic" bonus chapter where they both prepare a group of combatant soldiers for the invasion of Namek and later partake in the assault of Moori's village.[14]

Golden Frieza Saga[]

Main article: Golden Frieza Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Frieza with Zarbon, Dodoria, and the Ginyu Force in Dragon Ball Super
 		 	 
Dodoria and Zarbon make brief cameo appearances along with the Ginyu Force when Sorbet describes that the army suffered a great loss when Frieza and his elites were defeated on Namek. Dodoria is seen along with Zarbon in reference to Frieza's forces being vanquished in the past and his silhouette is visible in the image along with Frieza, Zarbon, and the Ginyu Force.[15]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria with Ginyu and Frieza in Tagoma's flashback
 		 	 
Dodoria is seen once again in Tagoma's flashback in which Tagoma explains that he once saw Frieza with him and Captain Ginyu.[15]

He is mentioned again by Sorbet in reference to Tagoma's power being comparable to that of Zarbon and Dodoria. After Tagoma suggests that they do not strike back at the Saiyans, Frieza declares that neither of his elites showcased such cowardice and blasts Tagoma for the insulting comparison.[16]

Dragon Ball GT[]

Super 17 Saga[]

Main article: Super 17 Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria and Zarbon terrorizing Earth in Dragon Ball GT
 		 	 
Dodoria escapes from Hell alongside Zarbon and they wreak havoc on Earth with other villains. However, he is defeated again and sent back when the Z Fighters come to face all of the previously defeated foes.[17]

Super Dragon Ball Heroes[]

Supreme Kai of Time Saga[]

Main article: Supreme Kai of Time Saga

An incarnation of Dodoria appears as one of the competitors in the Super Space-Time Tournament, along with Mecha Frieza, Zarbon, Shisami, Cui, Tagoma, and Sorbet. In the manga, Dodoria battles Bido in a forest.[18] As a result of his team failing to advance to the second round of the tournament, Dodoria and his space-time were erased.

Film Appearances[]

Bardock - The Father of Goku[]

Main articles: Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku and Invasion of Planet Meat
 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria with his crew
 		 	 
Dodoria is shown as one of Frieza's top two henchmen, the other being Zarbon. Within Frieza's Spaceship, they attend to matters at hand. The most recent news is the power that the Saiyans are quickly gaining. Zarbon warns Frieza of the Saiyan threat and advises him that it would be smart to eradicate them before they become a threat to his huge empire. Dodoria and a group of his elites are sent to planet Meat to eradicate Bardock and his team of fighters (Fasha, Borgos, Shugesh, and Tora). Before eliminating Tora, Tora demands to know why Dodoria and his men betrayed the Saiyans, with Dodoria chuckling by replying it was all part of Frieza's plan. Dodoria and his henchmen are successful in killing most of the team, but Dodoria carelessly leaves Bardock alive after delivering one heavily powerful Energy Cannon at him.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria executes Tora on orders from Frieza
 		 	 
Bardock is so battered and beaten, he is left limping after Dodoria's onslaught. Dodoria returns to Frieza and Zarbon warns him of his recklessness and Dodoria's negligence angers Frieza. However, Frieza reassures him that it will not be necessary to kill Bardock separately since he has decided to destroy the entire Saiyan race. Bardock tries to relay the message about Frieza's attack but nobody believes him. Bardock challenges Frieza alone, but ultimately shares the fate of his planet when it, along with all its inhabitants are obliterated. Dodoria and Zarbon are the only two witnesses to Frieza's Supernova, as the rest of force who were present were caught in the attack since they had been sent out to face Bardock.

Broly[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Super: Broly

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria & Zarbon in Broly
 		 	 
Dodoria, Zarbon, and the Ginyu Force appear on Planet Vegeta during the period of transition when the Cold Force became the Frieza Force after King Cold decided to retire and handover control of the organization to Frieza. They witness King Vegeta's meeting with Frieza and King Cold about Frieza's takeover of the Cold Force which is renamed the Frieza Force. They also witness Frieza's Scouter demonstration during which Frieza nonchalantly kills several hidden Saiyan Snipers his Scouter detected to demonstrate the futility of opposing him and the Scouter's effectiveness at locating hidden enemies to King Vegeta and the assembled Saiyans.

Other Dragon Ball Stories[]

Episode of Bardock[]

Main article: Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria and Zarbon appear in HD format in the "Episode of Bardock" special
 		 	 
Dodoria makes a brief appearance, during Bardock's failed last stand against Frieza. It is interesting to note that unlike in Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku, Zarbon and Dodoria are actually alongside Frieza when he blows up Planet Vegeta (in the special, they stay inside the ship).

Online[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Online

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria when under Towa's control in Dragon Ball Online
 		 	 
Dodoria appears during the fifth Time Machine Quest; he is attacking a Namekian village with Frieza, and is then sent after Krillin, Gohan, and Dende. After Dodoria is defeated by Vegeta, his smoldering corpse is discovered by Towa. She revives and brainwashes him thanks to a green Time Breaker stone and manages to turn him into a giant. Dodoria fights the Time Patrol but is defeated and killed once more.

Xenoverse 2[]

Ruckus on Planet Namek Saga
Dodoria appears on Namek in Age 762 during the attack on Moori's village just after Gohan steps in to rescue Dende. When Gohan and Krillin flee, however history is altered by Towa using Dark Magic to have Dark Frieza order both Zarbon and Dodoria to chase after them. In the Time Vault in Age 852, Old Kai notices the change while reviewing the altered scroll and notes Krillin and Gohan will have a tough time escaping both of Frieza's aides and sends the Future Warrior to ensure Gohan, Krillin, and Dende escape.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria blinded by Krillin's Solar Flare in Xenoverse 2
 		 	  
Back in Age 762, Krillin uses Solar Flare on Dodoria which blinds him like in the original history, but Zarbon blocks Krillin's escape route giving Dodoria time to recover. Fortunately, the Future Warrior arrives in time to back Krillin up. Krillin realizing the Warrior is an ally orders Gohan to flee with Dende while he and the warrior distract Zarbon and Dodoria. Zarbon, however, orders Dodoria to chase after the two runts while he deals with the other two. Old Kai tells the Future Warrior their job is to help Krillin escape as he is sure Krillin will flee as soon as the right opportunity presents itself. However, Old Kai is more worried about Gohan and Dende. He tells them to time their escape with Krillin's so they can check on Gohan and Dende to make sure they escape Dodoria. Eventually, Krillin flees, and Old Kai signals the Warrior to flee as well. The Warrior finds Dodoria has been attacked by Vegeta allowing Gohan and Dende to escape. With history seemingly back on course, Old Kai suggests the Future Warrior return to Age 852 but before they can do so they are attacked by a Namekian with a scarred face who somehow knows the Warrior is a Time Patroller. Chronoa identifies the Namekian as Lord Slug, an evil Super Namekian born with a heart full of malice who shouldn't exist on Namek in Age 762. Future Trunks arrives and chases off Slug.

Meanwhile, Towa has powered up Dodoria with 2nd stage Villainous Mode turning him into Dark Dodoria. The Future Warrior is tasked with assisting Vegeta in defeating Dark Dodoria so Vegeta can finish him off. Dodoria assumes the Warrior is from Earth (regardless of their race) and Vegeta has teamed up with the Earthlings including the "runts" Krillin and Gohan. Vegeta however wonders what Earthlings would be doing on Namek. Dodoria notes none of it matters anyway as he is going to destroy them both. However, Vegeta dares him to try noting his race's ability to increase their power as they fight and survive near death which scares Dark Dodoria like in the original history causing him to reveal the truth about the Genocide of the Saiyans though Vegeta notes he is angry at Dodoria, Zarbon, and Frieza for treating him like slave ever since he was a kid. The Future Warrior defeats Dark Dodoria removing the enchantment causing Dodoria to fly off screaming "Lord Frieza" only to be killed by Vegeta with an energy wave, who notes Frieza is afraid of Saiyan potential before wondering who the Future Warrior was noticing they had vanished having returned to Age 852 after correcting history. Afterward, Chronoa puts the scrolls back together causing the altered history to disappear and the proper history to be restored.

Power[]

Manga and Anime
As one of Frieza's Elites, Dodoria is fairly powerful. He is shown to easily defeat the Warrior Namekians he faces off against with a single blow each, even claiming confidently right before defeating them that he could handle "twelve of them". However, he is completely outmatched by Vegeta (who has a power level of 24,000) and is easily dispatched by the Saiyan.

Films
In Bardock - The Father of Goku, when confronting Bardock and his team of Saiyans, Dodoria was shown to be far too much for Bardock's men to handle and a single Energy Cannon severely injured Bardock, who at the time had a power level approaching 10,000.

Statements by author and guidebooks
Dodoria is stated to have a power level of 22,000 in Daizenshuu 7.

Abilities[]

Techniques

Forms and Power ups

Fusions

Equipment

Techniques
Flight – The ability to fly with the use of ki.

Ki Blast – The most basic form of energy wave.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria charging his Maximum Buster
 		 	 
Maximum Buster - Dodoria raises his hands and charges a yellowish-orange energy sphere. Then, he brings his hands forward (saying either "You're outta here!" or "Just go down already!"), and fires it in the form of a large wave of energy at the opponent, inflicting a great amount of damage.

Dodoria's Blow – Dodoria says "Interesting..." and disappears in front of his opponent and reappears behind them delivering a powerful punch that goes through their back.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria using his head breaker attack on one of  the Namekian warriors
 		 	 
Dodoria Head Breaker – As he says "I'll kill you hard", Dodoria charges towards his opponent with a headbutt, with his head spikes causing great pain, and then he pats his head.

Energy Cannon – Dodoria fires an energy wave from his mouth.
Dodoria Beam - Used in Xenoverse 2.

Critical Upper - To use the attack, Dodoria simply uppercuts the opponent, knocking them away, while the force of the attack is so great it causes a small whirlwind around the point of the impact, dealing a huge amount of damage.

Tri-Form – Only used in filler in order to attack the Namekians.[2]

Dodoria Big Blaster – Named in Dragon Ball Z: Budokai and used in Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu and Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2.

Exploding Wave – Used in Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza.

Dodoria Typhoon – Used in Budokai.

Dodoria Ultra Spike – Used in Budokai.

Blind Meteor – Used in Supersonic Warriors 2.

False Courage – One of Dodoria's Blast 1 in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.

Pump Up – One of Dodoria's Blast 1 in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.

Gatling Head Breaker – Used in Budokai Tenkaichi 2.

Head Attack - Dodoria's signature attack in the Raging Blast Series.

Monster Throw - A pile driver technique originally used by Zarbon. One of Dodoria's Special Moves in Dragon Ball Fusions.

Heavy Smash - A rush technique where the user charges forward, grabs the opponent by the head, then holds the opponent up with said hand before punching the helpless opponent sending them flying. One of Dodoria's Special Moves in Dragon Ball Fusions.

Giga Boost - Used in Xenoverse 2.

Bloody Sauce - Used by Dark Dodoria in Xenoverse 2.

Death Ball - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Dodoria's custom skillset after purchasing it in Partner Customization.

Death Crasher - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Dodoria's custom skillset after purchasing it in Partner Customization.

Death Wave - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Dodoria's custom skillset after purchasing it in Partner Customization.

Elegant Blaster - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Dodoria's custom skillset after purchasing it in Partner Customization.

Forms and Power ups
Time Breaker Mind Control
Main article: Time Breaker Mind Control

In Dragon Ball Online, after being killed by Vegeta on Namek, Dodoria is revived by Towa and brainwashed with a Time Breaker Mind Control gem which he wears on his chest. This form gives him red eyes and turns him into a loyal servant of the Time Breakers.

Giant Form
Main article: Giant Form

Thanks to Towa, Time Breaker Dodoria can grow into a giant increasing his size and strength in Dragon Ball Online.

Villainous Mode
Main articles: Dark Magic and Villainous Mode
 
During the Ruckus on Planet Namek Saga in Xenoverse 2, Dodoria acquires this power-up from Towa via her Dark Magic. This power-up gives him glowing red eyes along with a purple and black aura of Dark Energy. Dodoria utilizes the second stage during his battle with Vegeta and the Future Warrior.

Dark Ki
Main article: Dark Ki
	
He was brainwashed by Babidi alongside several combatants in Dragon Ball Legends.

Fusions
Dodobon
Main article: Dodobon

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodobon in Dragon Ball Fusions
 		 	 
Dodobon (Dodōbon, Dodobon) is the EX-Fusion of Dodoria and Zarbon introduced in Dragon Ball Fusions. Though Zarbon fuses with Dodoria in base form, Dodobon has traits of Zarbon's Monster form.

Ultra Fusion
Main articles: Five-Way Fusion and Ultra Fusion

By performing fusion with any four members of Tekka's Team via Five-Way Fusion, a powerful Ultra Fusion can be created. If initiated by Dodoria the result will be a male Alien Ultra Fusion.

Equipment
Scouter - A wearable, all-purpose computer that the Frieza Force uses.

Battle Armor - Durable armor worn by members of the Frieza Force.

Metamo-Ring - A ring-shaped device invented by Bulma and a product of the Capsule Corporation that allows people to perform EX-Fusion in Dragon Ball Fusions.

Appearances[]

Manga[]

Chapter Appearances
	

v • eNamek Saga
	

242. The Bittersweet End
	
Absent
	

243. Destination Namek
	
Absent
	

244. The Mysterious Spaceship
	
Absent
	

245. 3... 2... 1... Lift Off!
	
Absent
	

246. The Return of Vegeta
	
Absent
	

247. Planet Namek, Cold and Dark
	
Debut
	

248. The Mysterious Strangers
	
Appears
	

249. Vegeta's True Power
	
Appears
	

250. Goku Returns! Again!
	
Appears
	

251. Son Goku's Spaceship
	
Appears
	

252. Namekian Fear
	
Appears
	

253. Showdown!
	
Appears
	

254. Ten Seconds of Death
	
Appears
	

255. Son Gohan Snaps!
	
Appears
	

256. Death in Flight
	
Appears
	

257. Vegeta vs. Dodoria
	
Death
	

258. Hide and Seek
	
Flashback
	

259. The Sixth Dragon Ball
	
Absent
	

260. The Last Dragon Ball
	
Mentioned
	

261. The Four Dead Heroes
	
Mentioned
	

262. Vegeta vs. Zarbon
	
Mentioned
	

263. Zarbon's True Power
	
Absent
	

264. The Great Elder's House
	
Absent
	

265. The Dragon Balls Change Hands
	
Absent
	

266. Vegeta's Laughter, Freeza's Rage
	
Absent
	

267. Reunion of Terror!
	
Absent
	

268. Vegeta in Overdrive!
	
Absent
	

269. Brains and Brawn
	
Absent
	

270. Premonitions of War
	
Absent
	

271. The Enemy of My Enemy...
	
Absent
	

272. The Ginyu Force
	
Absent
	

273. Five Deadly Fighters
	
Absent
	

274. Gurd's Psychic Powers
	
Absent
	

275. Vegeta vs. Reacoom
	
Absent
	

276. Vegeta vs. Reacoom, Part 2
	
Absent
	

277. Freeza Victorious?!!
	
Absent
	

278. Son Gohan's Last Stand
	
Absent
	

279. Son Goku Has Landed!
	
Absent
	

280. Super Saiyan?
	
Absent
	

281. Jheese and Butta
	
Absent
	

	

v • eGods of the Universe Saga
	

1. Chapter 1
	
Mentioned
	

2. Chapter 2
	
Absent
	

3. Chapter 3
	
Absent
	

	

Appearances in Other Media[]

Video Game Appearances[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria in Budokai Tenkaichi
 		 	 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Budokai Team Frieza Trophy for unlocking Zarbon and Dodoria in Budokai HD Collection
 		 	 
Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza

Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Super Gokuden: Kakusei-Hen

Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2

Dragon Ball Z: Bakuretsu Impact

Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3

Dragon Ball Z: Scouter Battle Taikan Kamehameha - Ora to Omee to Scouter

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast

Dragon Ball Online

Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2

Dragon Ball Heroes

Dragon Ball Kai: Ultimate Butōden

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Z For Kinect

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai HD Collection

Dragon Ball: Ultimate Swipe

Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butōden

Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle

Dragon Ball Fusions

Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2

Dragon Ball Legends

Super Dragon Ball Heroes: World Mission

Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot

Dragon Ball: The Breakers

Dragon Ball: Sparking! Zero

Dragon Ball Super Divers

Dragon Ball: Gekishin Squadra

In Gekishin Freeza, Dodoria gets color edits that appear as recurring foes: the golden Kabosu (カーボス, Kabosu) and the teal Gorman (ゴーマン, ; called "Dren" or "Jaklu" in English versions)

In Super Saiya Densetsu, Dodoria's boss fight ensues after he destroys the Nameless Namekian's Spaceship. Dodoria also gets a color edits that appear as recurring foes: the golden Aprico (アプリコ; called "Bobo" or "Ghoko" in English versions, Aprico).

In Supersonic Warriors 2, Cooler's story mode includes a side-story where he comes to Earth as Meta-Cooler (nucleus) with the Big Gete Star and, after defeating Super Saiyan Goku and Super Saiyan Vegeta in West City, uses the Dragon Balls to revive the Ginyu Force alongside Zarbon and Dodoria. In the scenario, Dodoria plays the role of Cooler's informer about the latter's army progress on conquering Earth; he usually appears saying "we have a problem" whenever an opponent appears. At one point, Zarbon mocks him that all he knows to say is that line. Dodoria and Zarbon join Cooler to battle Android 17, Android 18 and Android 20, and later to battle Cell in his Semi-Perfect form. When Cell transforms into his Perfect form, the Ginyu Force persuades Cooler, Zarbon and Dodoria to join them in their Fighting Pose after Cooler promised them to do so if they help him to defeat Perfect Cell.

In Xenoverse 2's Frieza's Siege event, Dodoria is one the many invading members of the Frieza Force that the Future Warrior may encounter and will make reference to the Warrior's choice of faction within the Frieza's Spaceship time rift anomaly before fighting the Future Warrior. After being defeated, Dodoria may drop a piece (Upper Body, Lower Body, and Feet) of Tracksuit (Dodoria Colors) which is a described as Frieza Force Tracksuit in Dodoria's colors.

In The Breakers, Dodoria and Zarbon backup First Form Frieza.

Voice Actors[]

Japanese: Yukitoshi Hori (DBZ, video games until 2007), Takashi Nagasako (DB Kai, Episode of Bardock, video games from 2009 onward)

English:
Ocean Group dubs: Paul Dobson

Funimation dub: Chris Forbis (DBZ and video games through 2007), Mike McFarland (Raging Blast), John Swasey (DBZ Kai and video games from Raging Blast 2 onwards)

AB Groupe dub: Ed Marcus

Spanish:
Castilian Spanish dub: Mauro Rivera (DBZ), Alejo de la Fuente (Bardock - The Father of Goku), Manuel Navarro (DBZ Kai)

Latin American Spanish dub: Mario Sauret (DBZ), Armando Coria Jr. (DBZ Kai)

Portuguese:
Brazilian Portuguese dub: Gilberto Baroli, Ronaldo Artinic (episode 104), Jonas Mello (Bardock - The Father of Goku 1st dub)

European Portuguese dub: António Semedo †

Catalan dub: Jordi Vila

French dub: Pierre Trabaud

Italian dub: Luca Bottale, Roberto Stocchi (Dynamic Dub: Bardock - The Father of Goku)

German dub: Helmut Gauss

Polish dub: Michał Matuszczak

Hungarian dub: Emma Bessenyei

Greek dub: Maria Plakidi (DBZ), Matina Karra (DBZ ep. 50), Konstantina Koutsiou (Bardock - The Father of Goku)

Hebrew dub: Yoram Yosefsberg, Ido Mosseri (Bardock - The Father of Goku)

Arabic dub: Ayman Al-Salek (DBZ)

Hindi dub: Vinod Kulkarni (DBZ)

Battles[]

Pre-Dragon Ball
Dodoria and his team vs. Tora, Fasha, Borgos, and Shugesh

Dragon Ball Z
Dodoria vs. Namekian warriors

Dodoria vs. Moori

Dodoria vs. Krillin and Gohan

Dodoria vs. Vegeta

Super Dragon Ball Heroes
Manga
Dodoria and Zarbon vs. Zangya and Bido

Films
Dodoria and his team vs. Tora, Fasha, Borgos, and Shugesh

Dodoria and his team vs. Bardock

List of characters killed by Dodoria[]

Pre-Dragon Ball
Fasha - Killed by Dodoria's onslaught.

Tora - Killed by Dodoria with a brutal punch to the face.

Dragon Ball Z
Three Namekian Warriors - Killed by Dodoria's onslaught.

Cargo - Killed by Dodoria's Energy Cannon in the anime.

Moori - Killed when Dodoria snaps his neck in a choke hold.

Trivia[]

Dodoria's name comes from the Japanese word for the durian fruit.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Vegeta with the Pomelo (Zarbon) and Durian (Dodoria) fruits
 		 	 
In the Dragon Ball Super episode "To the Promised Resort! Vegeta Takes a Family Trip!", there is a strong reference serving as a nod to Zarbon and Dodoria when Vegeta is seen with twigs sticking out of his hair and two fruits on both sides that serve as the pun, a Pomelo (Zarbon) sticking out of one side and a Durian (Dodoria) sticking out of the other. Both Zarbon and Dodoria served as primary antagonists to Vegeta.

Dodoria, along with Zarbon, are the first and final villains to appear onscreen in the history of all Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT. When looking at the manga timeline chronologically, the first movie to take place is the Bardock - The Father of Goku TV Special, where Zarbon and Dodoria appear first (not counting Vegeta, who switches sides). In the final episode of Dragon Ball GT, Zarbon and Dodoria are the final villains to appear onscreen when Goku remembers all the villains who escaped from Hell.

In the Greek and Hungarian dubs, Dodoria is a woman, albeit with a very deep voice in the latter.

In the Portuguese dub, Dodoria sings opera.[19]

Gallery[]

Main article: Dodoria/Gallery

References[]

↑ Dragon Ball Volume ‘F’, 2015

↑ 2.0 2.1 Daizenshuu 7, 1996

↑ as stated in the Bardock TV Special through communicator transmissions

↑ 4.0 4.1 Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, 2016

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot, 2020

↑ Dragon Ball Online, 2010

↑ Dragon Ball Super: Broly, 2018

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 44, "Brood of Evil"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 46, "Defying Orders"

↑ 10.0 10.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 47, "Namek's Defense"

↑ 11.0 11.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 48, "The Hunted"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 45, "Frieza Strikes!"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 49, "The Prince Fights Back"

↑ Dragon Ball Super bonus chapter, "Special Comic"

↑ 15.0 15.1 Dragon Ball Super episode 19, "Despair Redux! The Return of the Evil Emperor, Frieza!"

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 20, "A Warning from Jaco! Frieza and 1,000 Soldiers Close In"

↑ Dragon Ball GT episode 42, "A Dangerous Union"

↑ Super Dragon Ball Heroes: Ultra God Mission!!!! chapter 1, "Begin! Super Space-Time Tournament"

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Dodoria Sings Opera. Youtube (December 2, 2007).

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eFrieza Force	
	
Leaders	Chilled • Frieza Race Conton City Hero • King Cold (Future • Cell) • Frieza (Future • Cell • Xeno • Team 4) • Frost • Frieza's Honor Guard (Captain Wata • Rigll)
		
	
Sub-leaders	Captain Ginyu • Cooler (Meta • Future) • Froze • Garana • Sorbet • Tagoma • Kuriza • Frieza's Honor Guard (Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Toki Toki City Hero)
	
	
Executives and elite soldiers	Abo • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bonyu • Broly • Burter • Chidoru • Cui • Dodoria • Dore • Fry • General Sus • Guldo • Jeice • Kabosu • Kado • Majuub • Neiz • Onio • Payer • Recoome • Salza • Shisami • Tack • Tick • Tobi • Tock • King Vegeta (Xeno) • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yūzu • Zarbon
	
	
Mid-level soldiers	Appule • Cabira • Caluppa • Cranbo • Daigen • Fargo • Gonma • King Vegeta's Elite • Nappa (Cell) • Napple • Paragus (Super) • Raditz • Unnamed Captain • Officer
	
	
Low-level soldiers	Combatants • Cranberry • Cyclopian Guards • Three Planet Frieza #79 soldiers • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Blueberry • Borgos • Cheelai • Fasha • Fisshi • Frieza Soldiers • Frog-Face • Guprei • Iru • Kakarot (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Krumbo • Leek • Mei • Melone • Monre • Nabana • Namole • Navel • Orlen • Raspberry • Robery • Scarface • Shorty • Shugesh • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno)
	
	
Non-combatants	Beets • Berryblue • Kikono • Lemo • Macki • Nion • Oil • Gichamu • Gine • Guide Robo • Frieza Force medics • Malaka • Planthorr • Moroko • Shito
	
	
Fused members	Aka • Burce • Celluza • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coolieza • Dodobon • Ginyuman • Ginyuza • Gulce • Meta-Cooler Core • Natz • Rappa • Recurter • Reguldo • Saibaking • Ultimate Ultra Fusion • Ultra Fusion (Ginyu Force)
	
	
Squadrons	Cooler Force (Cooler's Armored Squadron • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dried Fruitz • Team Dodoria • Frieza's Elite (Ginyu Force • Frieza's Honor Guard) • Namek Invasion Task Force • Frieza's Subordinates • Galaxy Soldiers • Third Stellar Region • Frieza Soldiers • New Frieza Army • New Gadget Super Lovers • Saiyan Army (Team Bardock • King Vegeta's Elite • Phantom Saiyans) • Team 5 • Team Zarbon
	
	
Races controlled	Aka's race • Ankoku-seijin • Appule's race • Arcosians • Arlians • Boulean • Beppa-seijin • Blueberry's race • Bowlean • Brench-seijin • Burter's race • Buonean • Cabira's race • Cranberry's race • Cui's race • Dodoria's race • Earthlings • Fishman • Frieza Clan • Frieza Soldier race • Frog-Face's race • Ginyu's race • Hera Clan • Inhabitants of Plant • Iru's race • Jiggler • Kanassan • Kettlean • Ledgic's race • Litts • Malaka's race • Majins • Mixxileean • Namekians • Namekian Frogs • Recoome's race • Rejinean • Saibamen • Saiyans • Serpent • Sinkleean • Slug-jin  • Sui's race • Toasterean • Tobi's race • Vewonean • Yardrat • Zalt-seijin • Zarbon's race
	
	
Planets	Arcose • Bas • Big Gete Star • Cereal • Cooler No. 6 • Cooler's Unnamed Planet • Frieza No. 17 • Frieza No. 79 • Cooler No. 98 • Cooler No. 256 • Frieza No. 448 • Frieza's Training Planet • Kanassa • King Cold's planet • Litt • Meat • Shikk • Tritek • Vegeta • Zeshin and Bun's planet
	
	
Motherships	Bardock's Spaceship • Chilled's Spaceship • Cooler's Spaceship • Frieza's Spaceship • Garana's Spaceship • King Cold's Spaceship • Transport Ship
	
	
Technology	Attack Ball • Battle Armor • Cosmic Suit • Drones (Assist Drone • Attack Drone • Recovery Drone) • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Galactic Arena • Grenade • Hovercar • Hover Pod • Kiri Charging Machine • Laser Sword • Medical Machines • Metamo-Ring • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher (Frieza's Rocket Launcher) • Saibamen Set • Scouter
	
	
Operations and Wars	Attack on Planet Plant • Occupation of Planet Vegeta • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek conflict • Attack on Zeshin and Bun's planet • Attack on Gure's planet • Attacks on Earth • Fight on Planet Frieza 448 • Broly conflict • Frieza's Siege • Tournament of Time
	
	
Allies & Affiliated Groups	Beerus • Cells (Cell • Cell Jr.) • Dragon Ball Heroes (Froze) • Dark Empire • Dark Namekians (First Narak) • Frieza Clan • Heeter • Mastermind's group (Mastermind • Giblet) • Pilaf Gang (Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army) • Team Beerus (Shallot) • Team Universe 7 • Time Patrol • Whis
	
	
Related	Kili • Pol • Vegeta's Palace
	

v · d · e Majin	
	
Buu's Majin subspecies	Baby Buu • Captain Ginyu • Ein • Kabra • Majin Buu (Kid Buu (Future • Clone • Xeno) • Innocent Buu (Future) • Majin Duu • Majin Kuu •  Miss Buu • Good Buu (Future) • Evil Buu (Future) • Super Buu (Future)  • Haishi • Kabra • Majin Mani Mani • Mighty Majins • Ninny • Salaga • Titima • Wonder Majins • Yoshito-kun
	
	
Majin of Demon Realm	Cait Sith • Demon Realm Race • Gargoyle • Goblin • Nymph • Troll • Werewolf
Gendarmerie (Gendarmerie Force)
Good Supreme Demon King • Hybis • Peral • Rymus • Third Eye thief
	
	
Other Majin	Hirudegarn • Majin Ozotto • Nox • Ratopa • Ogre
	
	
Hybrid Majin	Android 21 (Evil • Good) • Android Majin • Day Day • Shun Shun • Haru Haru • Majin Kuu •  Mira • Fu • Fin
	
	
Majin Fusions	Janenbu • Majin Satan • Majuub
	
	
Majin Transformations	Pure Majin
	
	
Other Transformations	Kaio-ken
Ultimate (Beast)
Dark Ki
Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra))
Grand Supreme Kai
Demon God (Transcended)
Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) (Super Mira (Fin Absorbed)) • Super Saiyan 4
Perfected Ultra Instinct
	
	
Organization of Babidi	Babidi (Future) • Bibidi • Dabura (Future • Xeno) • Majin Soldiers • Majin Vegeta • Pui Pui (Future) • Spopovich • Yakon (Future) • Yamu
	
	
Related articles	Bee • Bio-Androids • Bob & Margaret • Boo World • Buu-gi • Earth • Fake Z Fighters • Inside Buu (Enzyme • Roundworm) • Janemba's Majin Vegeta • Kashvar (Hoi) • Love-Love Beam • Majin Buu's house • Mr. Satan (Future) • Offworlder • Ozotto's Palace • Sealed Ball • Supreme Kai (position) • Troublemaker Education • Uub • Uuby
	

v · d · eDark Empire	
	
Leaders	Dabura (Xeno) • Demigra • Fu • Mechikabura • Mira ((Dark Empire)) • Towa
		
	
Notable Members	Chronoa (brainwashed) • Gravy • Fin • Masked Saiyan (Xeno) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno King Vegeta
	
	
Members	Android 8000 • Android 19000 • Black-Masked Saiyan • Bongo • Captain Bacterian • Captain Taylor • Cell • Cui • Chocolay • Day Day • Demon Realm Soldiers (Σ • Ω • Δ • Λ • Reaper) • Dodoria • Dogidogi • First Narak • Future Android 16 • Gamelan • General Bon • General Sus • Gohan • Great Devilman • Guard Troops • Haru Haru • July • Lord Slug • Masked Future Warrior • Mira's Robots • Mr. Poko Poko • Psi Devilman • Octopapa • Skull Robo • Shun Shun • Turles • Week • Xeno Dende • Xeno Paragus
	
	
Fused Members	Damira • Demon King Daccolo • Meta-Cooler Core • Towale • Towane
	
	
Other affiliates	Broly • Cooler Force (Big Gete Star • Cooler • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Frieza Force (Dodoria • Frieza • Ginyu Force • Zarbon) • Xeno Cell (Cell • Future) • Android 13 • Future Android 17 (Present) • Future Android 18 • Janemba (Future) • Saibamen • Shadow Dragons (Eis Shenron • Nuova Shenron • Syn Shenron) • Universe Creation Planners (Dr. Wheelo • Bojack • Super 17) • Karoly • Waipa • Yamcha • Zamases (Zamasu (Future)/Goku Black/Fused Zamasu (Crimson-Masked Saiyan)) • Future Jiren)
	
	
Sub-factions	Demon (Majin (Demon Realm Race • Buu's subspecies • Android Majin) • Devils) • Frieza's Army remnants • (Captain Wata • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Fry • Tick • Tock) • Red Pants Army (Tao X • General White Jr. • Android 9 • Cloned Dr. Gero • General Bon) • Warriors of Darkness • Dark Namekians (Copycat Nail • Narak-type Namekian • Dark Vassals) • Captain Bacterian's Pirates • Bio-Android
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dark Demon Realm Saga • Dark Empire Saga • Dark King Mechikabura Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Super Space-Time Tournament
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related	CC Robot • Dark Dragon Ball (Dark Shenron) • Dark Energy • Dark Evolution • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra) • Brainwash Attack) • Darkness Sword • Demigra Army • Demon God (Dark King • True • Transcended) • Demon Realm (Mechikabura's Tower • Southeast Prison Complex) • Demon Realm Crystal • Distorted Time Egg • Energy-Suction Device • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Gate • Kili • Ki-Sealing Handcuff • Pseudo Universe (Earth (Capsule Corporation • West City) • Planet Vegeta (Vegeta's Palace)) • Pure Majin • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Scroll of Eternity • Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) (Super Mira (Fin Absorbed) • Rampaging) • Time Breaker Mind Control (Giant Form • Mask) • Time Cutter • Time Power Unleashed (Brainwashed Berserk) • Universe Seed (Universe Tree) • World of Mind Control
	

v · d · eTime Patrol	
	
Leaders	Chronoa • Future Trunks (Xeno) • Old Kai • King Kai
	
	
Members	
Heroes Members	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Gohan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Bardock 
 Bulma • Sealas • Tokitoki • Chamel • Beat • Note • Fen • Leggings • Froze • Kabra • Kagyu • Nim • Wairu • Zen • Hero Robots • Super Hero Robo • Putine
	
	
Fused Members	Xeno Gogeta • Xeno Gohanks • Xeno Gotenks • Xeno Vegito • Xeno Vegeks • Jacunks
	
	
Xenoverse Members	Tokitoki • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Ninja Murasaki • Konkon • Chacha • Akkah • Aoh
	
	
Online Members	Hope! • Youth
	

	
	
Squadrons	Taino Force • Romance Rangers • Nutz Gang • Murasaki Brothers • Hero Society • Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light
	
	
Masters/Instructors/Partners	Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Bardock • Beerus • Bojack • Broly (DBS) • Captain Ginyu • Cell • Cooler • Dodoria • Frieza • Fu • Gogeta • Gohan (Future) • Goku • Good Buu • Gotenks • Hit • Jaco • Janemba • Jiren • Kefla • Krillin • Lord Slug • Mr. Satan • Nappa • Syn Shenron • Pan • Piccolo • Raditz • Super Buu • Tapion • Tien Shinhan • Future Trunks • Turles • Vegeta • Vegito • Videl • Whis • Yamcha • Future Zamasu (Goku Black) • Zarbon
	
	
Allies	Android 17 (Hell Fighter • Super 17) • Android 21 (Good) • Beat's Mom • Bocacchi • Cooler Force (Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force (Ginyu Force) • Galactic Patrol • Giru • Kang • Kong • Minotia • Namekians (Dende • Kami • Grand Elder Guru • Nail) • New Crane School • Saibamen • Tapion • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Bardock • Bee • Beerus • Bubbles • Bulma (Future) • Champa • Chi-Chi • Dr. Hedo • Earth's Military (King Furry) • Farmer • Fortuneteller Baba • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Gregory • Majin family • Majuub • Mr. Popo • Nallej • King Kai • Oolong • Pikkon (Future) • Pride Troopers (Dyspo • Jiren • Top) • Scratch • Vados • Whis • Xeno King Vegeta • Xiaon • Yajirobe • Yuto • Zeno (Future) • Aeos • Warriors in Black (Future Warrior in Black • Namekian in Black • Vidro) • Demigra Army (Demigra • Chamel • Robelu • Shirogame) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dragon Ball Online • Dragon Ball Heroes (World Mission • Dark Empire Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universal Conflict Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Supreme Kai of Time Saga (Super Space-Time Tournament) • Demon Invader Saga) • Dragon Ball Xenoverse • Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Unknown History Saga • Infinite History Saga • Frieza's Siege • Hero Colosseum • Conton City Tournament) • Dragon Ball: The Breakers • Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle • Dragon Ball Fusions (Timespace Tournament)
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related Articles	Alternate Timeline • Capsule (CC Mascot • Vehicle Capsule 315 • Vehicle Capsule 318 • Vehicle Capsule 340) • CC Robot • Dragon Ball Heroes machines • Hero Suit (Great Saiyaman Watch) • Hero Switch • Hero Town • Toki Toki City • Conton City (Dragon • Dragon Ball Pedestal • Conton City Patroller Academy • Time Miniature • Time Nest • Tokitoki (race) • Tokitoki's Egg (Distorted Time Egg) • Gate • Hercule Badge • Mask • Scouter • Scroll of Eternity (Lucky Time Box) • Sealas' Staff • Super Soul • Key Sword • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Time Machine (Super Time Machine) • Time Patroller Suit • Transphere (Super) • World of Mind Control • Z-Soul
	

v · d · eSuper Space-Time Tournament	
	
Team 1	Goku • Vegeta • Gohan • Piccolo • Yamcha • Hit • Jiren
	
	
Team 2	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Gohan • Chronoa
	
	
Team 3	Tapion • Konatsians
	
	
Team 4	Mecha Frieza • Zarbon • Dodoria • Shisami • Cui • Tagoma • Sorbet
	
	
Team 5	Frieza • Cooler • Hearts • Cumber • Super 17 • Dr. Wheelo • Turles
	
	
Team 6	Dabura • Pui Pui • Spopovich • Yamu • Yakon
	
	
Team 7	Android 13 • Android 14 • Android 15 • Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Android 19
	
	
Team 8	Lord Slug • Medamatcha • Angila • Wings • Commander Zeeun
	
	
Team 9	Bojack • Zangya • Bido • Bujin • Kogu
	
	
Team 10	Salza • Dore • Neiz • Raditz
	
	
Team 11	Captain Ginyu • Jeice • Burter • Recoome • Guldo
	
	
Team 12	Mercenary Tao • Ninja Murasaki • Colonel Silver • General White • General Blue • Buyon • Major Metallitron
	
	
Intruders	Broly • Hirudegarn • Kid Buu • Janemba • Cell
	
	
Berserkers	Android 13 • Baby • Bojack • Cell • Chilled • Fin • Gravy • Hatchiyack • Innocent Buu • Lord Slug • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno Dabura • Xeno Syn Shenron
	
	
Unknown Team Members	Frost • King Cold • Angol • Moah • Bergamo • Rasin • Lakasei • Basil • Murichim • Dercori