This article is about the group of characters.  For other uses, see Ginyu Force (disambiguation).  
Directory: Characters → Villains → DBZ villains

"Recoome! Burter! Jeice! Guldo! Ginyu! Together We Are The... Ginyu Force!"

&#8212; The Ginyu Force introducing themselves to Frieza in "The Ginyu Force"

	

Ginyu Force

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

	
		Activated

	
	Before December 24, Age 762
Before Age 731&#91;1&#93;

	
		Deactivated

	
	Age 779&#91;2&#93;

	
		Located

	
	Planet Frieza 79

	
		Leader

	
	King Cold (Cold Force leader; formerly)
Frieza (Frieza Force leader)
Captain Ginyu

	
		Main Members

	
	Jeice (Sub Captain)
Burter
Recoome
Guldo
Bonyu (Formerly)&#91;3&#93;
Nappa (Neo)&#91;4&#93;
Future Warrior&#91;4&#93;
Future Warrior&#91;5&#93;
Shallot (Formerly)&#91;6&#93;

	
		Allies

	
	Frieza Force
Team Bardock&#91;7&#93;
Cooler's Armored Squadron&#91;7&#93;
Taino (fangirl)&#91;5&#93;
Time Patrol&#91;5&#93;
Turles&#91;5&#93;
Cell&#91;8&#93;&#91;9&#93;
Z Fighters&#91;9&#93;&#91;3&#93;

	
		Conflicts

	
	Invasion of Planet Yardrat
Battle on Planet Namek
Frieza's Revenge&#91;3&#93;
Super Space-Time Tournament
Frieza's Siege&#91;5&#93;

The Ginyu Force (ギニュー特とく戦せん隊たい, Ginyū Toku Sentai, lit. "Ginyu Special Squadron") are an elite group of mercenaries employed by Frieza to conquer planets as a part of his army.

The members of the Ginyu Force were all special troops of a "High-Level Executive Class"&#91;10&#93;&#91;11&#93; within the Frieza Force, with Ginyu himself acting as captain of the force and also Frieza's right-hand man.

Contents

1 Creation and concept

2 Biography

2.1 Background

2.2 Dragon Ball Z

2.2.1 Frieza Saga

2.2.2 Cell Saga

2.2.3 Majin Buu Saga

2.3 Dragon Ball Super

2.3.1 Golden Frieza Saga

2.3.2 "Future" Trunks Saga

2.4 Dragon Ball GT

2.4.1 Super 17 Saga

2.5 Super Dragon Ball Heroes

2.5.1 Supreme Kai of Time Saga

3 Film Appearances

3.1 Fusion Reborn

3.2 Broly

4 Other Dragon Ball stories

4.1 Xenoverse

4.2 Xenoverse 2

4.3 Dragon Ball Fusions

4.4 Kakarot

5 Power

6 Team attacks

6.1 Team Poses

6.2 Other Team-based Techniques

6.3 Ginyu Force Fusions

7 Video Game Appearances

8 Trivia

9 Gallery

10 References

11 Site Navigation

Creation and concept[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force with their master, Frieza, in his true form.
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force has some resemblances and references to Super Sentai teams (and by extension, Power Rangers teams): five color-coded warriors, tendencies to pose during battle, roll calls and supernatural powers. However, because Akira Toriyama's works usually feature parody, the stances used by the Ginyu Force may be a parody of the stances seen in Super Sentai. Some of the recent references to the Ginyu Force's stylistic forms of poses and colorful display comes from Super Sentai series. This resemblance to Super Sentai may be due to Toriyama's son being interested in Super Sentai shows as stated by Toriyama in an interview.

The Ginyu Force members follow the tradition of Dragon Ball characters being named for puns; in this case, all manner of dairy products: Guldo is derived from "yogurt", Recoome from "creme", Burter from "butter", Jeice from "cheese", and Ginyu is derived from the Japanese word for "milk" (牛乳, gyūnyū). Former member Bonyu also follows this tradition as Bonyu is derived from "breast milk" (母乳) which is also a double pun as it is also a pun referencing Bonyu's gender and status as the only named female member.

Biography[]

Background[]

Bonyu was the first member recruited by Captain Ginyu to the Ginyu Force and was tasked with reconnaissance duties, followed by Jeice (who eventually became sub-captain), then Recoome, then Burter, and finally Guldo.&#91;3&#93;

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force is a team of super-elite and powerful warriors. Unlike any others who serve the galactic empire, they are merely freelancers greatly favored by the tyrant rather than forcefully subdued slaves or servants.&#91;12&#93; Despite being evil, ruthless and cold-hearted similarly to their master, the Ginyu Force follows an independent mentality forged from within the group and have a code of honor and fairness of their own. These are features that set them apart from the rest of the Galactic Frieza Army, and they are the only ones not threatened or disrespected by Frieza. In Dragon Ball Super: Broly, the Ginyu Force is shown to have existed around the time the Cold Force became the Frieza Force due to King Cold's retirement and passing control over to Frieza as they are present during Frieza's first visit to Planet Vegeta.

Within the Frieza Force, the Ginyu Force are of "High Level Executive-Class", with positions higher in rank than even Zarbon and Dodoria who serve as Frieza's aides.&#91;12&#93; It seems that Frieza is behind the formation of the Ginyu Force, as Vegeta mocks Guldo in his flashback (back on Planet Frieza No.79) that he only made it to the Ginyu Force because Frieza decided to place him there, or as Frieza himself refers to them while returning from his fight with Nail as "warriors especially selected by him, that there was no chance Vegeta and the 2 Earthlings could have overcome", as he's shocked to not getting their scouters' signals.&#91;13&#93; Bonyu was removed from the force due to not being able to keep up with the posing and for lacking charisma. Despite leaving the Ginyu Force, Bonyu's combat data record was kept on file in the Ginyu Force's Attack Balls.&#91;3&#93;

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Burter and Jeice
 		 	 
Though physically some of the strongest in the universe, the Ginyu Force's arrogant members delight in coming up with strange poses, betting candy on fights, and playing Rock-Paper-Scissors to decide the order they should fight in. Every member of the Ginyu Force is a mutant member of their species, which explains their high powers and special abilities, as mentioned by Jeice when discussing with Ginyu why Goku was so powerful. The strongest of them all is Captain Ginyu himself, who, for a majority of his appearances in the series, occupies the body of a horned, purple-skinned extraterrestrial, though he is capable of changing bodies at will. They have their own individual special or gifted abilities into which they can supplement their own ki: Guldo has psychic abilities, Recoome has high-endurance, Burter has incredible speed, Jeice is specialized in Ki Blast techniques, and Captain Ginyu can transfer his consciousness. All their special powers originated during their childhood. Guldo realized he had psychic powers as a kid: he was a real brat, using his powers to lift up girls' skirts and steal whatever toys he wanted. Recoome practiced dance, which is how he got his agility and various battle poses. Burter's mother was very strict, making him do all the household chores and slapping him if he was late preparing dinner; because of this, he became the fastest in the universe. Jeice was a pitcher in the Galactic Little League, and it was there that he developed the Crusher Ball as his special technique. When Ginyu first learned of his Body Change ability, he swapped bodies with the richest kid in his class, which made him popular with girls but also stupid, and he soon realized that men should compete in terms of strength rather than money.&#91;14&#93;

Prior to the creation of Dragon Ball: The Return of Son Goku and Friends! all sources referred to the Ginyu Force as Frieza's only soldiers to be higher in rank than his generals/advisors, Zarbon and Dodoria, however this concept was altered with the introduction/creation of Abo and Kado, an evil brothers duo who was described by both Vegeta and Tarble to be elite soldiers who were once in the same tier as the Ginyu Force and were not sent to fight on Namek due to being on another planet at the time thus surviving for almost 2 decades into the future becoming as strong as their master, Frieza, was in his first form.

Whilst in all the sources and materials prior to Dragon Ball Online the Ginyu Force are stated to be Frieza's supreme fighting force and highest among his soldiers in rank, this game introduces Frieza's Honor Guard - who in Xenoverse are said to be so strong that to enroll as a guard troop candidate (Future Warrior) must be able to defeat the entire Ginyu Force while fighting them all at once, before being examined by Frieza in a match. This game also features a back in time mission which reveals that Guldo was the last addition to the Ginyu Force (as they were on Namek) and that in order to enroll he had to fight in an entry exam match alongside a partner (the Future Warrior) as any candidate is allowed against Burter, Jeice, Recoome, and Ginyu in the following order before earning their respect and his place among them.

Dragon Ball Z[]

Frieza Saga[]

Main articles: Namek Saga,&#32;Captain Ginyu Saga,&#32;and&#32;Frieza Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu and Jeice on Namek
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force are called upon by Frieza to assist in the defeat of Vegeta on Namek and obtainment of the Namekian Dragon Balls during the course of the Namek Saga and Captain Ginyu Saga in an attempt to regroup from Zarbon and Dodoria's mission before they were completely executed by Vegeta. After 5 days of traveling at full speed in space they arrive to Planet Namek (their enormous evil powers at the time are felt from outer space by Guru, Nail, Vegeta and Gohan and King Kai the fear causes Vegeta to join forces with the Earthlings), where they deliver Frieza his requested new model Scouters. The overall embarrassment Frieza displayed when they perform their strange poses when they arrived on Namek seems to imply that he had never gotten used to their goofy attitude (or that he had never met them in person before). With the exception of the weak Guldo and Captain Ginyu who took the Dragon Balls back to Frieza's ship, they seem to easily outclass the joined force of Vegeta, Gohan and Krillin, but Goku arrives just in time. All but Ginyu are killed by Vegeta (who defeated Guldo and Jeice by himself while Goku took out Recoome and Burter), with Ginyu having the unfortunate mishap of body-switching with a Namekian Frog (and Vegeta deciding to be merciful for once).

Captain Ginyu (currently in the body of a frog) switches bodies with Bulma, but inadvertently switches back with her while going after Piccolo.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force in Hell
 		 	 
Recoome, Burter, Jeice, and Guldo (who are all dead) arrive at King Kai's Planet. Recoome fights Yamcha, Burter and Jeice fight Tien Shinhan, and Guldo fights Chiaotzu. Powered up from their training with King Kai, the dead members of the Z Fighters are easily able to overpower the dead Ginyu Force members, sending all of them into Hell where they are unable to escape.

Cell Saga[]

Main articles: Trunks Saga&#32;and&#32;Cell Games Saga

The Ginyu Force is mentioned when Goku tells to the Z Fighters that he used one of their Attack Balls to escape the exploding Namek, taking him to Planet Yardrat, a pre-programed destination that was supposed to be the Ginyu Force's next mission to conquer before being summoned by Frieza to Namek, and later to Earth as well.&#91;15&#93;

In the anime, frog Ginyu appears out Goku's house during Gohan's 11th birthday.&#91;16&#93;

Majin Buu Saga[]

Main articles: Other World Saga,&#32;World Tournament Saga,&#32;and&#32;Kid Buu Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force (sans Ginyu) and Frieza in Hell
 		 	 
In the anime, the Ginyu Force team up with Frieza, King Cold, and Cell, but are all beaten by Goku, falling into the Bloody Pond, and are later impaled on spikes by Pikkon, and are locked up.&#91;17&#93; Later on, they along with the other dead villains are watching Goku's fight with Kid Buu on a huge Crystal Ball.&#91;18&#93;&#91;19&#93;&#91;20&#93;

Ginyu has a few cameo appearances as a frog on Earth throughout the series,&#91;21&#93; until Kid Buu kills him (along with his previous body) by blowing up the Earth.&#91;22&#93; However, he is unknowingly revived.&#91;23&#93;

Dragon Ball Super[]

Golden Frieza Saga[]

Main article: Golden Frieza Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu Force in Sorbet's memory of the Frieza Force prime
 		 	 
Ginyu (while remaining in frog state) later saw Frieza's remaining soldiers, Sorbet and Tagoma picking up his master's remains after being wished back by the Earth's Dragon Balls. They are later seen as silhouettes in Sorbet's vision of the Frieza Force elites who were defeated on Namek whose downfall led to the collapse of the Frieza Force internally and externally. After Tagoma kills Shisami and upon him challenging the Z Fighters, Sorbet scans Tagoma with his scouter and expresses amazement that the latter surpassed the entire Ginyu Force, to which Tagoma replies without any excitement that he does remember them but added as sort of a mockery about their strength that "they belong to the old time".

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu posing in Tagoma's body
 		 	 
Ginyu would later switch bodies with Tagoma with trickery and challenge the Z Fighters, but after Vegeta arrived, Ginyu was killed instantly. In the Funimation dub, Ginyu makes a statement towards Frieza that he understands his master's anger at Goku "for what he did to his proud Ginyu Force".&#91;24&#93;

"Future" Trunks Saga[]

Main article: "Future" Trunks Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force in Dragon Ball Super
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force makes an appearance in the Forest of Terror where Krillin and Goku compete in a search for the Paradise Herb, they are part of Krillin's inner-fears shaped out as illusion warriors.

Dragon Ball GT[]

Super 17 Saga[]

Main article: Super 17 Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu Force escapes Hell alongside other villains
 		 	 
The group minus Burter make their escape from Hell but are all eventually defeated and sent back.

Super Dragon Ball Heroes[]

Supreme Kai of Time Saga[]

Main article: Supreme Kai of Time Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force in the Super Space-Time Tournament
 		 	 
An incarnation of the Ginyu Force appears as competitors in the Super Space-Time Tournament as Team 11. As a result of their team failing to advance to the second round of the tournament, the Ginyu Force and their space-time were erased.

Film Appearances[]

Fusion Reborn[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Jeice scared of Ultimate Gohan's power in Fusion Reborn
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force (minus Captain Ginyu) manages to escape from Hell along with other previous villains, only to be defeated and sent back to Hell once again.

Broly[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Super: Broly

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force arrive to the annexation of Planet Vegeta
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force appear on King Cold's Spaceship as it heads to Planet Vegeta with the rest of the Cold Force's elites during their announcement of King Cold's retirement and the passing of the control over the Saiyans to Frieza and his newly branded "Frieza Force". It seems that King Cold and not Frieza had assembled them unlike what was stated in all previous materials. They are wearing the first-generation scouters, which are blue in color.

Other Dragon Ball stories[]

Xenoverse[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Xenoverse

Ginyu Force Saga
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Venyu Force
 		 	 
Due to the Time Breakers causing damage to history, the events of Namek in Age 762 are altered and Ginyu takes over Vegeta, then the Ginyu Force all attack Goku together, the team altering to become the "Venyu Force".&#91;25&#93; The Venyu Force attacks Goku as a distraction, so Venyu (Ginyu in Vegeta's body) can performs another Body Change on Goku, then successfully steals Goku's body and causing the bewildered Goku to find himself trapped in Vegeta's body. Having obtained Goku's body, Dark Ginyu finishes off Goku (in Vegeta's body) with a Kamehameha and celebrates his triumph by performing the Ginyu Force Fighting Pose with the rest of his team. To restore the timeline, the Future Warrior arrives at the point before Ginyu steals Vegeta's body, back when Krillin, Gohan, and Vegeta first encountered the Ginyu Force. It revealed that Demigra's Dark Magic had taken hold of Vegeta and Ginyu, which is why Ginyu chose to steal Vegeta's body, creating Venyu.

Dark Ginyu orders Guldo to take the Dragon Balls back to the ship while he deals with Vegeta, leaving Recoome, Burter, & Jeice to decide who will take on the Future Warrior, Krillin, and Gohan through a game of rock-paper-scissors. Guldo & Jeice protest this order as unfair, but Ginyu tells them to be quiet and do as they are told (by ordering Guldo to protect the Dragon Ball he prevents Guldo's death at the hands of Vegeta, allowing Ginyu to be on scene when Goku arrives, and so he may steal Vegeta's body and then Goku's body). Burter thinks their Captain is just in a bad mood unaware it is actually due to the Dark Magic's influence. Dark Ginyu faces off against Dark Vegeta who is stronger than he was at this point historically due to the Dark Magic's increasing his power level, but Ginyu is prevented from stealing his body by interference from the Future Warrior, who he discovers is not as weak as he originally thought.

Ginyu decides to take on both Vegeta and the Warrior, while Jeice, Burter, and Recoome play rock-paper-scissors for the right to fight Krillin and Gohan. After two tied games, Recoome wins the third allowing him to take on Krillin and Gohan, which somewhat follows with the original timeline. Krillin and Gohan both use Unlock Potential which surprises Recoome, as it causes their power levels to skyrocket to over 10,000 according to Jeice's Scouter. Noticing the change in their Captain's attitude, Jeice accuses Burter of stealing the Captain's piece of cake again, which Burter denies only for Jeice to call him a stinking liar, which Burter refutes again, then Jeice & Burter are shocked and scared at how mad their Captain has become, still unaware it is due to the effects of the Dark Magic possessing Ginyu. The Future Warrior, Krillin, and Gohan manages to take down Recoome, destroying his armor in the process, only for him to get back up and in retaliation prepare to kill them with his Recoome Ultra Fighting Bomber only to taken out mid-move by an elbow to the gut by a newly arrived, Goku causing Ginyu to wonder who he is.

Goku joins the Future Warrior and Vegeta in facing off against Ginyu while Krillin and Gohan retrieve the Dragon Balls from Frieza's Spaceship. However, Vegeta leaves to try and take the Dragon Balls for himself leaving Goku and the Future Warrior to deal with Ginyu, Burter, and Jeice. Tired of sitting on the sidelines, Burter and Jeice join the fray, despite Ginyu protesting he does not need their assistance. Eventually Ginyu realizes the depths of Saiyan Goku's strength and like the original timeline decides to switch bodies with him to obtain his power level of 180,000. However, as he preparing to use his Body Change on Goku, Jeice accidentally knocks the Future Warrior into the technique's line of fire, resulting in him switching bodies with the time traveler instead. Ginyu is furious with Jeice over the mix up, saying that there is a difference in potential power between the Warrior and Goku, with Goku's being the strongest of the two. Realizing Ginyu and the Warrior have switched, Goku comes up with a clever plan, where the Future Warrior can take advantage of being in Ginyu's body to sneak into Frieza's ship and help Krillin & Gohan retrieve the Dragon Balls.

The Ginyu Warrior (Ginyu in the Future Warrior's body) tries to stop them, but Goku holds him off while the Future Warrior uses Ginyu's body to infiltrate Frieza's Spaceship. Due to having followed Ginyu's order, Guldo confronts Krillin, Gohan, and to his confusion the Warrior in Ginyu's body. Though he initially confuses the Warrior for Ginyu due to being unaware of the switch, Guldo eventually realizes he and the Captain have switched. Finding himself totally out matched by them Guldo flees the ship, leaving Raspberry and Appule and the ship cadre of soldiers to handle them, but they too prove to be no match for the combined might of Krillin, Gohan, and the Warrior in Ginyu's body. Captain Ginyu manages to break off from his fight with Goku and heads to the ship, with Goku hot on his trail. Still in the Warrior's body, Ginyu confronts the Warrior, Gohan, and Krillin after they had removed the Dragon Balls from the ship. Goku arrives as well and the Warrior steps up to continue the fight with the Ginyu Warrior. Ginyu finds himself out matched in Warrior's body which has suffered damage and starts showing signs of exhaustion.

In a last ditch effort to turn the tables in his favor, Ginyu decides to once again preform the Body Change on Goku, however Future Trunks warns the Future Warrior that it is their chance to return to their body, allowing them just enough time to shield Goku with Wall of Defense, restoring Ginyu and the Warrior to their original bodies. Guldo arrives just in time to aid his Captain, Guldo uses telekinesis to paralyze Goku, allowing Ginyu to successfully perform the Body Change on Goku, though at the same time restoring that part (Ginyu's Body Change with Goku) of the original history. Ginyu thanks Guldo for his excellent timing which allowed him to obtain Goku's body, though he also states that Guldo failure in protecting Dragon Balls is inexcusable though he will correct Guldo's mistake by retrieving them and ponders Guldo's future punishment. After the Future Warrior and Goku in Ginyu's body manage to cause some damage Goku's body due to his inability to tap into Goku's full potential (a result of Ginyu being unaware that Goku's 180,000 power level had been obtained by use of the Kaio-ken), he orders Guldo to join in on the fight (similar to how he ordered Jeice to assist him in the original history).

Guldo rushes in to join his Captain only to be confronted by his hated nemesis, Vegeta, who tells him he will be Guldo's opponent. Guldo scoffs at the Saiyan Prince saying he is just a stupid monkey and nothing more than their slave. Guldo decides to show just how awesome they are compared to him, though Vegeta retorts for Guldo not to get carried away with himself and insults him by calling him a useless fool before adding that breath stinks, telling him not to breath around him, making Guldo more determined to prove he is not useless and defeat Vegeta. With the Future Warrior's (or without) help, Vegeta eventually kills Guldo who curses Vegeta before dying much like he did in the original history. The following events play out as they did in the original history, with Vegeta knocking Goku's body down to the ground with a Sledgehammer attack, severally damaging Goku's body forcing Ginyu to try and switch Goku's body for Vegeta's only for Goku to shield Vegeta from it and restore Goku and Ginyu to their original bodies. Ginyu then tries one last time to take Vegeta's body only for Goku to toss a Namekian Frog hoping nearby, resulting in Ginyu ending up in the body of the frog restoring the timeline and foiling Towa and Mira's plans for that era. As a result, Ginyu never stole Vegeta's body and the Venyu Force never existed.

GT Saga (Super 17 Saga)
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Neo Ginyu Force
 		 	 
In Age 790 of the GT Era, after Hell Fighter 17 and Android 17 open a gateway between Hell & Earth, the deceased Recoome, Burter, Jeice, and Guldo escape from Hell along with the deceased Saiyan General, Nappa. Due to Ginyu's absence and his sharing their desire for revenge on Vegeta, they recruit Nappa who had gotten stronger while in Hell, as a fifth member and rename themselves the Neo Ginyu Force. The Neo Ginyu Force's goal is to take revenge following their mistake on Namek, though in Nappa's case it is to take revenge on his former comrade Vegeta for killing him following his humiliating defeat at the hands of Raditz's little brother, Kakarrot. They encounter the Future Warrior after they defeat 20 Frieza Force soldiers who had also escaped from Hell. Surprising the Warrior, Recoome complements the Warrior on their strength, then introduces himself by beginning the Ginyu Force Team Fighting Pose, followed by Burter, Jeice, Guldo, and finishes with Nappa performing Ginyu's part, then shouting "Together We Are the... Neo Ginyu Force!" finishing the pose. Nappa decides to test his newfound strength on the Warrior, while Jeice and Burter explain the Neo Ginyu Force's goals. Guldo inquires as to Vegeta's whereabouts, with Jeice's asking where the Saiyan with the crazy hair is, referring to Goku. Suddenly Jeice and Guldo are killed by a Burning Attack from GT Trunks. Trunks tells them that his father doesn't need to bother himself with the likes of them and vows he will deal with them in his place, causing Nappa to realize the boy is Vegeta's son, he then vows to kill Trunks and send him to Other World. As Jeice and Guldo have been taken out, Recoome becomes annoyed as they will have to come up with a new team fighting pose for 3 members, mentioning that due to Ginyu's absence it has been hard for them to come up with new poses and states he misses Captain Ginyu. Burter boasts they should not underestimate him as he is the Fastest in the Universe. Even when nearing defeat, Nappa refuses to lose as he has yet to take his revenge on Vegeta. Eventually Recoome, Burter, and Nappa are defeated through the combined might of the Future Warrior and Trunks, before Hell Fighter 17 arrives in Villainous Mode and blasts Trunks away.

Xenoverse 2[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2

The entire Ginyu Force returns as part of the The Ginyu Force Strikes Saga. First an altered timeline is shown where Ginyu has used his Body Change to steal Vegeta's Body and performs a Special Fighting Pose with Jeice while confronting Gohan and Krillin who were trying to take back the Dragon Balls. Elder Kai witnessing the scene via the Time Scroll is bewildered by Vegeta's actions as he is unaware of the Body Change. Future Trunks is quick to explain that Ginyu had stolen his father's body, which Elder Kai calls one heck of a technique. Chronoa asks wasn't it Goku's body that was stolen in the original history and Future Trunks states she is correct and suggests it is probably Towa and Mira's doing as it had been the last time they altered that period in history. Future Trunks tells the 2nd Future Warrior to focus on restoring history while he tries to deal with Towa and Mira. In Age 767, after the Ginyu Force perform their Together We Are The... Ginyu Force! team pose as Captain Ginyu eyes glows with dark magic. Also, under the influence of Dark Magic, Recoome and Guldo confront Vegeta, Gohan, and Krillin who are joined by the arrival of the Future Warrior. Captain Ginyu under the influence of Dark Magic, tells his men he will be taking the Dragon Balls back to Lord Frieza, while Recoome and Guldo deal with Vegeta and his allies. Jeice however complains and states it would be fairer to play Rock-Paper-Scissors, but Captain Ginyu tells him to be quiet and tells them they better be done by the time he gets back, which Jeice fearfully agrees to, causing Burter to note their captain is in a bad mood.

Dark Recoome beings to act out of character laughing manically, while Dark Guldo states he's not going to lose and will prove them wrong, causing Burter to note their odd behavior as being out of character and wonders what has gotten into them as they aren't making any sense. Watching from the Time Nest, Elder Kai senses a strange energy in Recoome, Guldo, and Ginyu. He tells the Warrior that Trunks is trailing Dark Ginyu in secret in order to try and find Towa and Mira's trail. Elder Kai orders the Warrior to help Gohan and Krillin. After Recoome is defeated, Burter asks Jeice if Ginyu seemed in a bad mood, causing Jeice to suggest it might be due to Burter eating all his ice cream without asking, which Burter denies, Jeice goes on to state the punishment for robbing the captain of his post-bath treat is severe, though Burter protests his innocence and even points out that Jeice is always trying to put the blame for everything on him and suggests it was Jeice himself. Jeice (who is implied to be the true culprit) tries to deflect suspicion off himself but realizes his been found out, with Burter saying they will talk about it later in a threatening tone. Eventually the Future Warrior manages to defeat both, but Recoome survives and bored decides to end it using his Recoome Ultra Fighting Bomber but like in the original history is knocked out by Goku before he can complete it with a single elbow strike.

The Warrior joins Goku in confronting Burter and Jeice who are shocked by Recoome's defeat like in the original history. Elder Kai laughs as Jeice and Burter are panicking over Recoome's defeat and believes with Goku around everything should be fine, and not how Goku's always swooping right at the end and having all the fun for himself. Goku thanks the Warrior for saving Krillin and Gohan, before asking Krillin and Gohan to hunt down the Dragon Balls with the Dragon Radar while he, the Warrior, and Vegeta deal with the two remaining Ginyu Force members. However, Vegeta runs off to follow Krillin and Gohan, causing Goku to realize he is planning to steal the Dragon Balls for himself. Chronoa detects someone approaching the Warrior's location and Elder Kai senses an evil aura, before Chronoa reveals its Turles. Turles arrives on the battlefield and tells Burter and Jeice to think of him as an ally, stating he comes baring gifts and gives them Fruit of the Tree of Might enhanced by the Demon Realm by Towa. Chronoa tells the Warrior to stop Turles, but it is to late as Jeice and Burter eat the fruit causing them to become tainted by Dark Magic, granting them the power of Villainous Mode.

Goku notes their energy levels suddenly shot way up and wonders what is going on. Elder Kai explains that the Fruit of the Tree of Might is a holy fruit that only divine beings like himself and Chronoa are allowed to eat as it grants whoever eats it incredible power but costs an entire planet to produce. Chronoa surmises Turles must have found some and smuggled it through time, causing Elder Kai to state the criminal must pay for what he's done. After Dark Burter is defeated, Goku detects an unfamiliar ki signature. Suddenly Future Trunks appears wearing a Scouter, but it soon becomes apparent it is not Trunks when he performs one of Ginyu's Special Fighting Pose, revealing Dark Ginyu had stolen the Time Patroller's body. Dark Ginyu in Trunks' body, states he will pluck his comrades out of this pickle and that Captain Ginyu is there to save the day. Future Trunks in Ginyu's body, contacts the Warrior and apologizes for allowing Captain Ginyu to steal his body from him. Chronoa admonishes Trunks for his blunder. Trunks says he will return to base immediately, but Chronoa tells him not to worry about it, though reminds him they need to fix this mess.

Dark Ginyu asks Jeice what he is doing, and Jeice begs for forgiveness, but Ginyu admonishes him for deserting his post during his special fighting pose and won't tolerate such insubordination. Jeice apologizes once more and adds he didn't think he'd come back in a different body. However, Ginyu refuses to accept Jeice's excuses and tells him that he was lazy and must be ready at all times. Soon Trunks appears in Ginyu's body and joins his fellow time patroller and Goku in fighting Dark Ginyu in his body and Jeice. Trunks demands Ginyu give back his body, but Ginyu scoffs at the notion before stating he will make good use of Trunks' strong body. Goku who had never encountered Ginyu in his original body due alterations in history, is unaware of the switch and though he doesn't think Trunks looks very nice due to him being in Ginyu's body, is willing to accept his help in fighting Ginyu and Jeice. Trunks realizes that Goku hasn't met Ginyu yet in this timeline and asks Goku if they could take care of just Jeice and not the guy who just showed up (Ginyu in Trunks' body). Goku is confused by the request and asks if they are friends or something. Trunks says no, before noting how awkward it is to explain. Eventually they manage to defeat and kill Jeice, to the shock of Dark Ginyu.

Eventually, they manage to overpower Ginyu in Trunks' body, forcing Ginyu to attempt to switch bodies with Goku, but Trunks manages to use the opportunity to return to his original body by shielding Goku, who is confused by what has just happened due to being unaware of Ginyu's Body Change technique. Turles takes advantage of this and grabs Goku in a Full-Nelson and tells Ginyu to do it. Though he does not know who Turles is, Ginyu thanks him and performs the Body Change on Goku, ironically restoring that part of the original history. Turles joins Ginyu in Goku's body in combating the Future Warrior and Goku in Ginyu's body, while Trunks returns to the Time Nest before his presence can alter history any further. Turles notes it looks like the tables have turned again. Ginyu is pleased with Goku's body and says he's going to make Turles an official member of the Ginyu Force. Turles says he appreciates the offer but says he will have to pass as he has other things he must do. Elder Kai complains about Turles' repeated interference, while Trunks apologizes and accepts the whole situation as his responsibility and apologizes for not being able to repair this line of history. Chronoa notes while there are some problems they are still here, though notes that Goku and Ginyu weren't supposed to switch bodies like that. Trunks states that the Warrior will have to defeat Turles and set up a way for Goku and Ginyu to switch bodies to restore history. Eventually Goku and Future Warrior manage to defeat Ginyu and Turles, which forces Ginyu to attempt to switch bodies with the Warrior only for Goku to use the opportunity to return to his body undoing the body change. Ginyu tries to steal the Warrior's body again, but Goku grabs a nearby Namekian Frog which he throws causing Ginyu to switch bodies with the frog, causing Turles to flee with that part of the correct history being restored.

Frieza's Spaceship Time Miniature
If the Future Warrior is a member of Frieza's race, they will be sent to investigate the Frieza's Spaceship Time Miniature rift, during which they see Captain Ginyu drilling Combatants as Frieza watches commenting upon how his army grows by the day, but unfortunately strong warriors are still hard to come by.

Later on, the Future Warrior is assigned to investigate the Time Miniature rifts when they are able to in order to discover what created them. Regardless of their race, the Future Warrior can go undercover to investigate the cause of the Frieza's Spaceship rift. After joining either Team Dodoria or Team Zarbon, the Future Warrior will begin to raise through the ranks eventually surpassing Dodoria or Zarbon. This leads to them being scouted by Captain Ginyu to join the Ginyu Force.

Frieza's Siege
In Age 852, a Wormhole opens up and Frieza's Spaceship travels through it. Frieza announces his intentions to take over the city and the Frieza Force invades. During the siege, the Ginyu Force may appear with each member leading a group of combatants. Though it is never stated, it is implied that the ship comes from the Frieza's Spaceship time rift anomaly's timeline as they are familiar with the Future Warrior and comment on them being a member of the Frieza Force. Defeating defeat members of the Ginyu Force allows the Warrior to unlock custom colored Frieza Force Tracksuits based on Guldo, Jeice, Burter, Recoome, and Captain Ginyu.

Dragon Ball Fusions[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Fusions

The Ginyu Force appear when Tekka's team are trying to break through a barrier. The Ginyu Force request being told how to get through barriers. As payment for showing them how to get through the barrier, Ginyu says that the Ginyu Force will display the five-way fusion that they invented. After Tekka breaks the barrier, the Ginyu Force teaches his group the five-way fusion and in turn Goten and Trunks teach the Ginyu Force the Fusion Dance.

It soon turns out that the Ginyu Force were trying to help Frieza revive and escape from Hell, once Frieza appears he orders the Ginyu Force to kill Tekka's team, but Ginyu states that they were helping them and taught them a new fusion technique, which Frieza wishes to see. Thus Jeice and Guldo perform the Fusion Dance to become Gulce, and so do Burter and Recoome - who become Recurter. Ginyu then requests to fuse with Frieza, but he declines - calling the pose ridiculous. Frieza then leaves while ordering the Ginyu Force to deal with Tekka's team. The Ginyu Force battle them but are defeated, they retreat but say they will return later to battle again.

The Ginyu Force ends up facing Tekka's Team during the Timespace Tournament but are defeated once more.

When the Ginyu Force are used by the player to do a Five-Way Fusion in-game, they simply become a male Alien Ultra Fusion.

Kakarot[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot

The Ginyu Force appear as enemies on Namek during the game's Frieza Saga (which combines the Namek, Captain Ginyu, and Frieza Sagas). They appear in Frieza Force Episode 4 and unlike the original series, Guldo uses Time Freeze to steal both Dragon Balls from the Z Warriors, instead of Butter catching one of them. Additionally, Captain Ginyu plans on fighting them himself, but Guldo and Recoome complain he had all the fun last time, so Captain Ginyu orders Recoome to fight Vegeta and Guldo to fight Krillin and Gohan. instead of having his men play Rock-Paper-Scissors. Guldo faces off against Gohan and Krillin however unlike the main series, they are able to defeat Guldo without Vegeta's assistance and Guldo dies from his injuries instead having his head decapitated by Vegeta and his still living head being blasted by Vegeta like what happens in the main series. The fight with Recoome plays out mostly the same with Goku appearing and saving Gohan. However, Gohan is not as badly injured as he was in the main series and Goku gives him some Senzu Beans for Gohan himself and tells him to share the rest with Vegeta and Krillin as he takes on Recoome. Recoome is defeated by Goku and Goku also defeats Butter forcing Jeice to flee to inform his Captain. Vegeta leaves Goku to deal with Ginyu and Jeice, leading to his body being stolen. At Frieza's Spaceship, Ginyu (Goku's Body) and Jeice confront Krillin and Gohan with Vegeta joining in. Jeice is killed by Vegeta and Goku is able to return to his body and manages to trap Ginyu in the body of a frog.

During the Intermission following the Frieza Saga, the Dragon Balls can be used by Gohan to revive the deceased Ginyu Force members on Earth in an attempt to convince them to change their evil ways like he does with the wishes to revive Nappa, Dodoria, and Zarbon (due to game mechanics multiple wishes can be made during the Intermission set in Age 763 after waiting 20 minutes real world time for the Dragon Balls to recharge between each wish made). This allows Gohan to take on a Sub Story featuring his encounter with the Ginyu Force after their revival.

Goku uses one of their Attack Balls to escape Dying Namek. After Goku returns to Earth after training on Yardrat, it is revealed that the Ginyu Force Attack Ball he used to escape Namek contains data on former Ginyu Force member Bonyu which is recovered and added to the Capsule Corporation Training Room allowing Goku to fight against the virtual data of Bonyu for training.

Power[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu states that the Ginyu Force are 2nd only to Frieza himself
 		 	 
At the time it is presented in the series, the Ginyu Force is regarded as the fiercest and deadliest fighting team in the galaxy: King Kai considered them to be most fearsome group in the universe, and at least five times stronger than Goku prior to training for Planet Namek, placing them according to King Kai's statement at a power level of 40,000 or above. Their might has enabled them to overcome challenges to Frieza's expansion and universal domination that no others could handle. Captain Ginyu is the strongest among them, with a power level of 120,000 at maximum. Guldo is physically the weakest, being outmatched by Krillin whose power level was over 10,000 at the time. Ginyu refers to the Ginyu Force as being second only to Frieza in terms of power and that no one in the universe aside from Frieza would be capable of defeating them.&#91;26&#93;

In the Other World Saga, the members of the Ginyu Force (aside from Ginyu) appear to have increased dramatically in power while in Hell, as Frieza expresses surprise that Goku was able to defeat them so easily.

Video Games
In various video games, the Ginyu Force is shown to be feared by various characters such as Tarble and Jaco due to their power and elite status within the Frieza Force.

In Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot, former member Bonyu was apparently strong enough that Goku had her Battle Data recovered from the Attack Ball he used to escape Namek and uploaded into the Capsule Corporation Training Room so he could train against a virtual Bonyu.

Team attacks[]

Purple Comet Hurricane (Jeice & Burter)

Red Comet Attack (Jeice & Burter)

Purple Spiral Flash (Jeice & Burter)

Crasher Cannon (Jeice & Burter)

Continuous Crasher Cannon (Jeice & Burter)

Purple Comet Attack (Jeice & Burter)

Ginyu Storm (whole team)

Body Change Special (Ginyu & Goku)

Cracker Formation (Ginyu & Frieza)

Special Fighting Assault (whole team)

Team Poses[]

Together We Are The... Ginyu Force! (whole team)

Other Team-based Techniques[]

Five-Way Fusion&#91;8&#93;

Rock-Paper-Scissors (game used to decide who gets to fight)

Ginyu Force Fusions[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu Force's Five-Way Fusion
 		 	 
In addition to Gulce and Recurter, Dragon Ball Fusions introduces several other fusions:

EX-Fusions
Burce (Burter + Jeice)

Ginyuza (Captain Ginyu + Frieza)

Reguldo (Recoome + Guldo)

Fusion Dance
Gulce (Guldo + Jeice)

Recurter (Recoome + Burter)

Five-Way Fusion
Ultra Fusion (Captain Ginyu + Guldo + Jeice + Burter + Recoome)

Video Game Appearances[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force arrives on Namek in Super Saiya Densetsu
 		 	 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force posing in Budokai
 		 	 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Art of the Ginyu Force in Dragon Ball Heroes
 		 	 
Dragon Ball Z: Shutsugen! Ginyū Tokusentai

Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza

Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z

Dragon Ball Z: Buyū Retsuden

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22

Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden

Dragon Ball Z: Super Gokuden: Kakusei-Hen

Dragon Ball Z: Shin Butōden

Dragon Ball Z: The Legend

Dragon Ball Z: The Legacy of Goku

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 2

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 3

Dragon Ball Z: Sagas

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2

Dragon Ball Z: Legendary Super Warriors

Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors

Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2

Dragon Ball Z TV game

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3

Dragon Ball Z: Burst Limit

Dragon Ball Z: Infinite World

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2

Dragon Ball Online

Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Heroes

Dragon Ball Z For Kinect

Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Z

Dragon Ball Xenoverse

Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle

Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2

Dragon Ball Fusions

Dragon Ball FighterZ

Super Dragon Ball Heroes: World Mission

Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot

Dragon Ball: The Breakers

Dragon Ball: Sparking! Zero

In most of the video games they appear, only Ginyu and Recoome are playable, though the first Dragon Ball Z arcade game also featured Burter.

In the opening sequence of Budokai 2, the entire Ginyu Force strikes their famous team poses; however, only Recoome and Captain Ginyu appear in-game. In Budokai 2, on Namek Stage, when confronting Captain Ginyu for a third time as Vegeta, Vegeta will say that the Ginyu Forces is now disbanded and invites Captain Ginyu to "The Vegeta Special Forces" instead. Ginyu considers it, but suddenly declines, thinking that Vegeta will have a better pose than him. Vegeta gets angry and says that Ginyu is such a pathetic fool for that decision.

The Legend was the first video game to feature all of the members.

In Supersonic Warriors 2, Cooler's story mode includes a side-story where he comes to Earth as Metal Cooler (nucleus) with the Big Gete Star and, after defeating Super Saiyan Goku and Super Saiyan Vegeta in West City, uses the Dragon Balls to revive the Ginyu Force alongside Zarbon and Dodoria. At first, the Ginyu Force cannot persuade Cooler nor Zarbon to join to their battle pose, but at the end of his story, Cooler accepts to take part of it after promising to do so if they help him to defeat Perfect Cell, with Zarbon and Dodoria also joining the pose.

In Budokai Tenkaichi 3, all the members of the Ginyu force are playable and have a special pre-battle conversation with Frieza. They respond with their signature introductions: "Feel the power of the Ginyu Force, (insert name here)!", while a disgusted Frieza responds by saying "Oh, you've got some nerve...". If Frieza wins, he will say "While you're here, polish my boots"; if Captain Ginyu defeats Frieza, he will comment on Frieza's carelessness by saying "Frieza, your carelessness has cost you". If any of the other members defeat Frieza, they will comment on how they're the strongest in the universe now.

In Raging Blast, "The Vegeta Force" is the title given to Ginyu Force after Vegeta defeats Captain Ginyu in the What-If scenario, "Ginyu Force Shakeup Part 2: Ginyu Demoted." Vegeta takes the role of captain of the Ginyu Force and renames the Ginyu Force after himself. He also comments on how pathetic the fighting poses are when Recoome asks what their new poses will be. He also calls the current members of the Ginyu Force losers for having poses.

In Xenoverse 2, there are several pieces of equipment that feature the Ginyu Force symbol in addition to the Ginyu Force Battle Suit from Xenoverse. Additionally, as part of Frieza's Seige, there are special Frieza Force Tracksuits with colors based upon each member of the Ginyu Force.

In Dokkan Battle, all five members are playable either as separate character cards or as a team lead by Captain Ginyu. There are two team cards, one featuring Captain Ginyu while the other features Ginyu in Goku's body. Both team cards are LR rarity and feature the Ultimate Super Attack Special Fighting Assault which is a team attack featuring the entire Ginyu Force. Additionally, Ginyu Force also appears as a card category which features Ginyu Force character cards.

In Dragon Ball Fusions, female characters based on the Ginyu Force appear as an all-female Alien team called the Doola Force. Unlike the Ginyu Force, the Doola Force is a team of superheroines styled after the Ginyu Force. The team is led by Jeice's female counterpart as Ginyu's female counterpart Shorny is the team's weakest member (Shorny is a C-Rank while the other four members are B-Rank).

In Kakarot, the former Ginyu Force member, Bonyu appears. Additionally, the Ginyu Force members appear as story bosses during the game's Frieza Saga and also appear in a Sub Story that takes place after the Frieza Saga.

Trivia[]

Befitting the team's over-the-top nature, its theme song "Take the Stage!! Ginyu Special Squad!!" is composed of comical, silly lyrics. These include references to frogs, rock-paper-scissors, and afternoon snacks, all related to the Ginyu Force's time spent menacing the Z Fighters. It is sung by the Ginyu Force in the order that they arrive on Namek (Recoome, Burter, Jeice, Guldo, and Captain Ginyu).

The Ginyu Force's HQ is located underground Planet Frieza 79, and they have Frieza Soldiers who are taking care of their logistics (as shown with trucks that carry their insignia and space pods) and launching.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Ginyu Force insignia on a Space Pod
 		 	 
The Ginyu Force insignia is a 'V' shaped insignia (with resemblance to Ginyu and Frieza's head) over a circle.

All members of the Ginyu Force are killed by Vegeta, although, of the first four members that are killed, Jeice is actually the only one of the four that Vegeta defeats in a battle prior to killing him. Vegeta also had a chance to squash and kill Captain Ginyu (as a frog) but decided not to as he did not want to get his boots dirty (due to his amusement at the predicament in Dragon Ball Z Kai). However, in Dragon Ball Super, Vegeta ultimately kills Ginyu when he returns to fight with the resurrected Frieza.

Despite 4 out of the 5 Ginyu Force members being killed by Vegeta, Frieza seems to not believe Vegeta could have killed them and instead assumes that Goku is the one who killed them all (Frieza emphasizes the fact that there was "no way Vegeta could defeated Captain Ginyu"). Frieza's suspicions are only further enforced when Goku confirms he was the one who defeated them (while in fact it was Vegeta who executed them), with the exception of Captain Ginyu who simply changed bodies.&#91;27&#93;
As a result of Ginyu's death in Dragon Ball Super, Vegeta has killed all 5 members of the Ginyu Force.

This was referenced when Piccolo killed Cooler's Armored Squadron in Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge, characters clearly inspired by the Ginyu Force.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Ginyu Force's Logistic Unit
 		 	 
Three members of the Ginyu Force (Burter, Jeice, Recoome) were all played by Christopher Sabat in the Funimation dub of Dragon Ball Z. However, at least in terms of Funimation's in house talent, Burter was originally played by Mark Britten, and was replaced by Sabat and Vic Mignogna after leaving Funimation. In Dragon Ball Z Kai, Sabat kept the role of Recoome, while Mignogna and Jason Liebrecht were solidly cast as Burter and Jeice respectively.
Funnily enough, Sabat would return to both roles, as well as retaining Recoome, in Dragon Ball video games going forward, even before Mignogna's firing in 2019.

The Ginyu Force appear on the cover of the Dragon Ball Z Kai soundtrack for the Namek Epoch.

In Dragon Ball Xenoverse, all five members of the Ginyu Force (Recoome, Burter, Jeice, Guldo, and Ginyu) each have Full Power Energy Blast Volley Ultimate Skill in their 2nd skillset (Ginyu also has the technique in his 1st skillset as well). The Future Warrior also has the move as their default Ultimate Skill.

The earliest English dub of the Namek Saga was produced in conjunction with Saban Entertainment which is the same company behind the English adaptation of Super Sentai (Power Rangers), which the Ginyu Force are a parody of.

In Persona 5, Futaba Sakura has five figures set up in her room that appear to be doing the iconic poses of the Ginyu Force.

In Dragon Ball Super, Cocotte uses the pose which is similar to Jeice's.

While they are normally rivals with Cooler's Armored Squadron, in Dokkan Battle they are allies during Frieza's second invasion of Earth in Age&#160;??? as Cooler' sends his Armored Squadron to assist the Frieza Force (which includes the Ginyu Force and Team Bardock minus their leader Bardock) against King Kai's Time Patrol.

In Dragon Ball FighterZ, the Ginyu Force is indirectly responsible for influencing Gohan into becoming the Great Saiyaman in his adulthood.

In Dragon Ball Super, when Vegeta was trying to cook a rice omelet there were milk, cheese, butter and two other dairy items on the table. This could be a reference to the Ginyu Force due their names being puns of at least three of these items.

Gallery[]

The Ginyu Force poses for Frieza in the manga (Full Color)

The Ginyu Force in The Return of Son Goku and Friends! manga

The Ginyu Force, as they are first shown in Dragon Ball Z

The Ginyu Force on Namek

The Ginyu Force silhouette in Dragon Ball Z Kai

The Ginyu Force poses for Frieza

The Ginyu Force greets Frieza in Dragon Ball Z Kai

The Ginyu Force

Ginyu and his men in Dragon Ball Z Kai

The Ginyu Force laughing at Vegeta, Gohan, and Krillin

Burter, Jeice, and Recoome

Recoome, Jeice, and Burter

Soldiers trying out for the Ginyu Force

Jeice and Ginyu in Goku's body

The Ginyu Force on King Kai's planet

The Ginyu Force on King Kai's planet

The Ginyu Force knocked into the Bloody Pond in Hell

The Ginyu Force attack Goku in Hell

Goku defeats the Ginyu Force

The dead Ginyu Force members imprisoned in Hell

The Ginyu Force watches Goku's fight with Kid Buu in Hell

The Ginyu Force amongst Frieza's prime soldiers in Sorbet's memory in Dragon Ball Super

Illusions of the Ginyu Force in Dragon Ball Super

Jeice escapes from Hell in Dragon Ball GT

Recoome & Guldo escapes from Hell in Dragon Ball GT

Ginyu, Jeice and Recoome returns to Hell

Ginyu Force on King Cold's spaceship flying towards Planet Vegeta in Broly

Broly

Broly

Broly

Broly

Broly

The Ginyu Force in The Return of Son Goku and Friends!

The Ginyu Force in The Return of Son Goku and Friends!

Ginyu Force's description upon arriving to Namek as being Frieza's strongest men in Legendary Super Warriors

The Ginyu Force in Dragon Ball Z

The Ginyu Force in Legends

The Ginyu Force in Legends

The Ginyu Force in Legends

The Ginyu Force in the Budokai 2 opening

The Ginyu Force in Supersonic Warriors 2

The Ginyu Force in Supersonic Warriors 2

Ginyu Force art for Battle of Z

The Ginyu Force in Battle of Z

The Ginyu Force in Battle of Z

Guldo and Ginyu in Battle of Z

Ginyu and Jeice pose in Battle of Z

Ginyu and Jeice standing in Battle of Z

The Ginyu Force among Frieza's Elites on Dragon Ball Heroes

Ginyu Force with Ginyu in Vegeta's body in Xenoverse

Dead Neo Ginyu Force in Xenoverse

Android 21's clones of the Ginyu Force in FighterZ

Kakarot

Ginyu Force in Kakarot

The Ultimate Fighting Squadron Captain Ginyu (Ginyu Force) card from Dokkan Battle

Ginyu Force Reborn Ginyu (Goku) (Ginyu Force) card from Dokkan Battle

Ginyu Force on a postcard made for Resurrection ‘F’

The Ginyu Force explain about how their special powers originated during their childhood

Art of the Ginyu Force by Akira Toriyama

Z Fighters vs. Ginyu Force (art used by Funimation)

Younger Ginyu Force in the vision of Toyotaro

Yamcha beats Burter and Jeice by Dragon Garow Lee

Ginyu Force designs for Dragon Ball Super: Broly

The Ginyu Force with Goku's body for Captain Ginyu by Fenyo N

		

References[]

↑ Dragon Ball Super: Broly, 2018

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 23, "Earth! Gohan! Both on the Ropes! Hurry and Get Here, Goku!!"

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4  Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot, 2020

↑ 4.0 4.1 Dragon Ball Xenoverse, 2015

↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, 2016

↑ Dragon Ball Legends, 2018

↑ 7.0 7.1 Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle, 2015

↑ 8.0 8.1 Dragon Ball Fusions, 2016

↑ 9.0 9.1 Dragon Ball FighterZ, 2018

↑ Daizenshuu 4, 1994

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 22, "Change! An Unexpected Return! His Name Is Ginyu!!", Funimation dub. 

↑ 12.0 12.1 Daizenshuu 7, 1996

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 75, "Password is Porunga"

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu strategy guide, 1992

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode , "Goku's Special Technique"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 171, "Memories of Gohan"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 195, "Warriors of the Dead"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 280, "Vegeta's Respect"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 284, "Call to Action"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 286, "Spirit Bomb Triumphant"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 209, "Camera Shy"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 277, "End of Earth"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 283, "Earth Reborn"

↑ Ginyu refers to his "proud Ginyu Force" in the Funimation dub of DBS episode 22.&#32;Youtube.

↑ Xenoverse scan.&#32;shonengamez.

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 283, "Ginyu Steps In"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 88, "Clash of the Super Powers"

Site Navigation[]

v · d · e Ginyu Force 	
	
Members	Captain Ginyu • Jeice • Burter • Recoome • Guldo
Bonyu • Conton City Hero • Nappa • Shallot
	
	
Fused Members	Burce • Chiaoldo • Ginyuman • Ginyuza • Gulce • Recurter • Reguldo • Ultra Fusion (Ginyu Force)
	
	
Related articles	Attack Ball • Battle Armor • Burter's mother • Candy • Clones • Cooler's Armored Squadron • Dark Ki • Dark Magic (Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Villainous Mode) • Frieza Force • Galactic Little League • Namekian Frog • Scouter • Taino Force • Time Breaker Mind Control (Giant Form) • Turles • Universal Translator
	

v · d · eFrieza Force	
	
Leaders	Chilled • Frieza Race Conton City Hero • King Cold (Future • Cell) • Frieza (Future • Cell • Xeno • Team 4) • Frost • Frieza's Honor Guard (Captain Wata • Rigll)
		
	
Sub-leaders	Captain Ginyu • Cooler (Meta • Future) • Froze • Garana • Sorbet • Tagoma • Kuriza • Frieza's Honor Guard (Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Toki Toki City Hero)
	
	
Executives and elite soldiers	Abo • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bonyu • Broly • Burter • Chidoru • Cui • Dodoria • Dore • Fry • General Sus • Guldo • Jeice • Kabosu • Kado • Majuub • Neiz • Onio • Payer • Recoome • Salza • Shisami • Tack • Tick • Tobi • Tock • King Vegeta (Xeno) • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yūzu • Zarbon
	
	
Mid-level soldiers	Appule • Cabira • Caluppa • Cranbo • Daigen • Fargo • Gonma • King Vegeta's Elite • Nappa (Cell) • Napple • Paragus (Super) • Raditz • Unnamed Captain • Officer
	
	
Low-level soldiers	Combatants • Cranberry • Cyclopian Guards • Three Planet Frieza #79 soldiers • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Blueberry • Borgos • Cheelai • Fasha • Fisshi • Frieza Soldiers • Frog-Face • Guprei • Iru • Kakarot (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Krumbo • Leek • Mei • Melone • Monre • Nabana • Namole • Navel • Orlen • Raspberry • Robery • Scarface • Shorty • Shugesh • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno)
	
	
Non-combatants	Beets • Berryblue • Kikono • Lemo • Macki • Nion • Oil • Gichamu • Gine • Guide Robo • Frieza Force medics • Malaka • Planthorr • Moroko • Shito
	
	
Fused members	Aka • Burce • Celluza • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coolieza • Dodobon • Ginyuman • Ginyuza • Gulce • Meta-Cooler Core • Natz • Rappa • Recurter • Reguldo • Saibaking • Ultimate Ultra Fusion • Ultra Fusion (Ginyu Force)
	
	
Squadrons	Cooler Force (Cooler's Armored Squadron • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dried Fruitz • Team Dodoria • Frieza's Elite (Ginyu Force • Frieza's Honor Guard) • Namek Invasion Task Force • Frieza's Subordinates • Galaxy Soldiers • Third Stellar Region • Frieza Soldiers • New Frieza Army • New Gadget Super Lovers • Saiyan Army (Team Bardock • King Vegeta's Elite • Phantom Saiyans) • Team 5 • Team Zarbon
	
	
Races controlled	Aka's race • Ankoku-seijin • Appule's race • Arcosians • Arlians • Boulean • Beppa-seijin • Blueberry's race • Bowlean • Brench-seijin • Burter's race • Buonean • Cabira's race • Cranberry's race • Cui's race • Dodoria's race • Earthlings • Fishman • Frieza Clan • Frieza Soldier race • Frog-Face's race • Ginyu's race • Hera Clan • Inhabitants of Plant • Iru's race • Jiggler • Kanassan • Kettlean • Ledgic's race • Litts • Malaka's race • Majins • Mixxileean • Namekians • Namekian Frogs • Recoome's race • Rejinean • Saibamen • Saiyans • Serpent • Sinkleean • Slug-jin  • Sui's race • Toasterean • Tobi's race • Vewonean • Yardrat • Zalt-seijin • Zarbon's race
	
	
Planets	Arcose • Bas • Big Gete Star • Cereal • Cooler No. 6 • Cooler's Unnamed Planet • Frieza No. 17 • Frieza No. 79 • Cooler No. 98 • Cooler No. 256 • Frieza No. 448 • Frieza's Training Planet • Kanassa • King Cold's planet • Litt • Meat • Shikk • Tritek • Vegeta • Zeshin and Bun's planet
	
	
Motherships	Bardock's Spaceship • Chilled's Spaceship • Cooler's Spaceship • Frieza's Spaceship • Garana's Spaceship • King Cold's Spaceship • Transport Ship
	
	
Technology	Attack Ball • Battle Armor • Cosmic Suit • Drones (Assist Drone • Attack Drone • Recovery Drone) • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Galactic Arena • Grenade • Hovercar • Hover Pod • Kiri Charging Machine • Laser Sword • Medical Machines • Metamo-Ring • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher (Frieza's Rocket Launcher) • Saibamen Set • Scouter
	
	
Operations and Wars	Attack on Planet Plant • Occupation of Planet Vegeta • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek conflict • Attack on Zeshin and Bun's planet • Attack on Gure's planet • Attacks on Earth • Fight on Planet Frieza 448 • Broly conflict • Frieza's Siege • Tournament of Time
	
	
Allies & Affiliated Groups	Beerus • Cells (Cell • Cell Jr.) • Dragon Ball Heroes (Froze) • Dark Empire • Dark Namekians (First Narak) • Frieza Clan • Heeter • Mastermind's group (Mastermind • Giblet) • Pilaf Gang (Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army) • Team Beerus (Shallot) • Team Universe 7 • Time Patrol • Whis
	
	
Related	Kili • Pol • Vegeta's Palace