Articles on
Gohan
	
Introduction • Biography • Power and Abilities • Misc • Gallery
	

This article is about Goku's son.  For other uses, see Gohan (disambiguation).  
Directory: Characters → Earthling → Earthlings with Saiyan blood → Dragon Team

"In order to protect those important to me, I need to get more and more powerful."

— "The Earth Explodes?! A Decisive Kamehameha!"

	

Gohan

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

孫そん悟ご飯はん

Son Gohan

	
		Anime name

	
	Gohan

	
		Manga name

	
	Son Gohan

	
		Alias

	
	Gohan Son
Great Saiyaman
The Golden Fighter
The Golden Warrior
The Chosen One
Monkey Boy
Son Gohan Jr.
Ultimate Gohan
Bento Salesboy (by Jimmy Firecracker & Mr. Satan)
Mightiest Warrior Gohan[1]

Debuts

	
		Appears in

	
	Dragon Ball ZDragon Ball GTDragon Ball SuperSuper Dragon Ball Heroes

	
		Manga Debut

	
	"Kakarrot"

	
		Anime Debut

	
	"The New Threat"

	
		Movie Debut

	
	Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone

	
		Game Debut

	
	Dragon Ball Z: Ganbare! Son Gohan

Characteristics

	
		Race

	
	1/2 Saiyan-1/2 Human-type Earthling
Tuffle-Saiyan-Earthling (formerly; GT)

	
		Gender

	
	Male

	
		Height

	
	176 cm (5'9") "adult"[2]

	
		Weight

	
	61 kg (134 lbs) "adult"[2]

	
		Birth Date

	
	May 18, Age 757[2]

	
		Death Date(s)

	
	May 8, Age 774
Before Age 889[3]

Professional Status

	
		Occupation

	
	Superhero (as Great Saiyaman)
Supreme Kai Disciple
Scholar[4][5]
Professor's Assistant
Stunt Double
Leader of Team Universe 7 (Tournament of Power; anime only)
Galactic Patrolman (Temporarily Deputized)
Biologist

	
		Allegiance

	
	Dragon Team
Saiya Squad (as Great Saiyaman)
Team Universe 7
Galactic Patrol

	
		Address

	
	439 East District (Formerly)
Gohan's House

Personal Status

	
		Relatives

	
	Grandpa Gohan (adoptive great-grandfather)
Bardock (paternal grandfather)
Gine (paternal grandmother)
Ox-King (maternal grandfather)
Maternal grandmother
Goku (father)
Chi-Chi (mother)
Goten (younger brother)
Raditz (paternal uncle)
Videl (wife)
Pan (daughter)
Mr. Satan (father-in-law)
Miguel (mother-in-law)
Goku Jr. (great-great-great-grandson)

	
		Counterparts

	
	Future Gohan
Future Gohan (Cell's timeline)
Xeno Gohan
Future Warrior in Black
Gohan Black

	
		Mentors

	
	Piccolo
Goku
Shin
Old Kai

	
		Students

	
	Goten
Videl

Son Gohan (孫そん悟ご飯はん, Son Gohan) is a half-breed Saiyan and one of the most prominent characters in the Dragon Ball series. He is the elder son of the series' primary protagonist Goku and his wife Chi-Chi, the older brother of Goten, the husband of Videl and father to Pan. He is named after Goku's adoptive grandfather, Gohan.

Unlike his father, Gohan is a brilliant scholar and lacks a passion for fighting, preferring to do so only when his loved ones are threatened. Nevertheless, he spends much of his life participating in the defense of Earth, often helping to turn the tides when the dormant depths of his power are unleashed.[6]

Contents

1 Appearance

2 Personality

3 References

4 Site Navigation

	
		
				
					
					
				
			Quick Answers

		

		
	

	
			
				
					What is the significance of Gohan's name in the Dragon Ball series?
						
				
				
					
						Gohan, Goku's son in the Dragon Ball series, is named after his Grandpa Gohan. The name was selected when the baby laughed upon hearing 'Gohan', showing his preference for it. In the Japanese context, the name 'Gohan' was chosen following Goku's declaration of hunger, with Chi-Chi reminding him of their breakfast, 'asagohan'.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Who is Gohan's wife and what is their child's name?
						
				
				
					
						Gohan, the son of Goku and Chi-Chi, is married to Videl. They have a daughter named Pan. Despite being a scholar, Gohan returns to his martial arts roots when his family's safety is at stake. Their daughter, Pan, is trained in martial arts by her grandfathers.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is the story behind Gohan's alter ego, the Great Saiyaman?
						
				
				
					
						Gohan's alter ego, the Great Saiyaman, was created as a disguise for his true identity during his school days in Satan City. His first transformation into this persona occurred when he fought bank robbers on his first day of school. Despite his passion for martial arts, Gohan preferred to avoid the limelight, leading to the creation of the Great Saiyaman. This persona was also used in his fight against Watagash-possessed Barry Kahn, earning him the title Super Great Saiyaman. However, balancing school and superhero life was challenging, arousing suspicion among his peers and teachers.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
	

Appearance[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Most of Gohan's appearances throughout the series
 		 	 
Gohan resembles his father, inheriting Goku's hair, facial features and dark eyes. At the same time, he has his mother's light peach complexion rather than his father's light tan. Also taking after his father, Gohan inherited a Saiyan tail, which was long and prehensile with brown fur. It was removed and regrew a few times during his childhood until removed permanently by Vegeta in their first battle.

When first introduced as a young child, he had short and spiky but relatively well-kept hair. He wore a white tank top and green pants with black boots with white lacing, this outfit was covered in a Hanfu-style top that was yellow with green sleeves and on the front his family name, 'Son', written in kanji within a large white circle with black lining. He also wore a red cap with the Four-Star Dragon Ball attached to the top. He later removes the Hanfu-style top to show his outfit when he is ready to train with Piccolo.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Gohan as a child
 		 	 
While training with Piccolo, after losing his previous outfit from transforming into a Great Ape, he wears an outfit similar to Goku's original gi, consisting of an orange gi and blue belt with a dark blue undershirt, blue wristbands and dark blue boots with a thin red ring around the ankle and yellow accents. In the anime, his uniform is the same as Piccolo's, consisting of purple Demon Clothes with a red sash-style obi and armbands, brown shoes and a white collar around his neck. At the same time, he wore with the 'Ma' symbol (魔) and his hair grew out more into a mullet-style that reached his shoulders. By the fight against the Saiyans, Gohan grows noticeably more muscular for a child and dons a similar attire to the Namekian warriors. He also sported a white bandana. Gohan's hair has been cut short and has three thick fringes on his head. Before going to Namek with Krillin and Bulma, Gohan's hair is cut into a bowl cut and he is initially seen wearing an outfit worn in private elementary school and later his Namekian outfit. During his battle against Frieza, Vegeta gave Gohan Battle Armor, which consisted of white and yellow armor with shoulder guards, a blue jumpsuit, white gloves and white boots.

During the Androids Saga, his hair grew even longer, reaching his thighs and his Namekian outfit was modified to include black kung-fu shoes and white ankle bands. While training in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, he wore a similar model Battle Armor from Planet Namek, which had yellow shoulder straps instead of shoulder pads and yellow lined tips on the boots. After leaving the Time Chamber, he grows noticeably taller (roughly Krillin's height), trimmed the back of his hair to nape-length and also quite muscularly developed for his age. He reverts to Piccolo's clothing for the Cell Games, with the addition of blue wristbands instead of red and Piccolo's white cape and weighted shoulder pads. In the manga, his belt is red while the anime changes it to blue. During this time his hair is spiky much like Goku's. During Future Trunks' farewell, he wears a black suit and a tie.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Gohan as a young adolescent in Bojack Unbound
 		 	 
Gohan's outfit in Bojack Unbound looks exactly like the one Goku wore in the Androids Saga and Buu Saga.

As a young adult, he becomes similar in height to his father. His hair is much shorter and stands on end in a spiky formation, with a single bang and a thin strand of hair hanging over the right side of his forehead. Having slacked off in training, he looks noticeably skinnier and leaner in frame, though still respectfully muscular. Also similar to his father, Gohan is noted as being very attractive by many females such as Erasa and Angela. He alternates between a school uniform, his Great Saiyaman costume and a training gi. His school uniform consists of a cropped black vest secured by a gold buckle and an Orange Star High School pin over his left breast, a white long-sleeved t-shirt, baggy, high-waisted orange pants, a black belt with a gold buckle and black boots with white soles. His gi is blue and is accompanied by a red obi tied at his left hip, red wristbands, red ankle bands and red kung fu shoes. In Dragon Ball Z: Broly - Second Coming, he wears this outfit with white ankle bands instead of red (pale blue in the DVD version). During the Buu Saga, he wears Kai clothing given to him by Kibito. In his fight against Super Buu and reuniting with his father and Vegeta after they defeated Kid Buu, Gohan wears an outfit identical to his father. At the party for the celebration of the defeat of Kid Buu, he wears a blue suit as part of his formal clothing.

As an adult in the end of Dragon Ball Z, Gohan's hair would be similar to how it was in the Buu Arc minus the bang which resembles Yamcha's hairstyle from the Androids Saga. In Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods, Gohan wears glasses, a blue vest with a long white undershirt and brown slacks with black shoes.

Gohan in Resurrection ‘F’

Gohan during the Tournament of Power in the manga

1/2

In Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ‘F’/Dragon Ball Super, having since retired from fighting completely and slacked off in his training, Gohan became very scrawny in build. His hair is also smoother and much flatter. Gohan tends to wear formal clothing as he studies to become a professor consisting of a grey collared shirt with a blue vest and red pants. On Frieza's arrival on Earth, he wears a green tracksuit with two-tone green sneakers because he forgot where his gi was. After he resumes training with Piccolo, Gohan slicks up his hair again to have spiky ends. By the time of the Tournament of Power, Gohan's training with Piccolo reconditioned his body, becoming basically as muscular as Goku. When battling, he would slick his hair back up again and removes his glasses. Also, for the tournament, in the anime Gohan dons the same style gi he wore against Super Buu, while in the manga he dons a gi virtually identical to what he wore at the Cell Games, minus the white cape and shoulder pads.

In Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero, Gohan's hair becomes wild and messy in his base form. In the beginning, he wears a white henley and medium blue joggers with two white lines going down each side and brown sandals. Piccolo then forcefully changes him into purple Demon Clothes with Piccolo's cape, a red sash-style obi, black wristbands and olive brown shoes.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Gohan in Dragon Ball GT
 		 	 
In Dragon Ball GT, he retains his hairstyle from the end of Dragon Ball Z with the only difference being it is a little longer and is fully swept up, not having any hanging bangs. He is usually seen dressed like a professor or a businessman, in a suit and a tie. He also wears eyeglasses, though he apparently only needs them for reading, due to the fact that he showed no impairment without them for battle. When facing Syn Shenron, Gohan wears a gi resembling that of the ones Goku used to wear throughout Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super.

In the Assault on the Hell Gate Saga, GT Gohan wears a gi identical to Piccolo's, though without the cape and turban.

Personality[]

As a child, Gohan was a shy, studious, intellectual child who lacked a Saiyan's raw fighting spirit, so he had to utilize his incredible half-breed Saiyan potential and emotional reserves to protect those he loves. As an adult, he achieves his dream career of becoming a great scholar.

Being only half-Saiyan, Gohan is unusual in his values and personality compared to most full-blooded Saiyans in regards to the fact that he does not derive much pleasure from combat. However, when he is forced to fight, he shows special interest in protecting his family and friends. Like his father, Gohan has a pure and gentle heart, as well as possessing the typical Saiyan appetite that will compel to eat anything.[2]

While he claims he does not share the love of fighting Goku has, Gohan does indeed love martial arts and adventures. It is also clearly obvious that he enjoys his superhuman powers, especially when utilizing them as a superhero. However, he dislikes receiving the fame and attention that comes with it and prefers to keep a low profile, which is why he created the Great Saiyaman persona, in order to keep his identity a secret. This is even more evident when he didn't acknowledge Cell's defeat at his hands to the public after Mr. Satan falsely took credibility for it. During the Zeno Expo, he admitted that his Saiyan half was getting excited from the challenge shown by Top of Universe 11, demonstrating that even though he despises senseless violence, he actually does enjoy fighting as a sport. It is possible that he prefers not to fight due to the many gruesome and painful battles he experienced in the past as a child, which may have led Gohan to have negative emotions associated with fighting.

However, even though he is naturally smart, humble and kind, Gohan himself has been a victim of his own power in the past. Whenever Gohan gets a gigantic power boost, he becomes arrogant and cocky, essentially becoming drunk in his power, often acknowledging and even enjoying his superiority over his opponents, as he did when he first became a Super Saiyan 2 against Cell, and later in his life when he achieved his Ultimate form and fought Super Buu. This fatal flaw of his warrior-personality might be an actual side-effect of his Saiyan-heritage, since Saiyans such as Vegeta, or Nappa, have been known to act similarly when drunk in their own power while fighting. This has led him to the brink of defeat on several occasions and has later had to deal with the consequences of his actions, such as the death of his father at the hands of Cell, or Super Buu absorbing him and endangering the entire universe in the process. However, thanks to Piccolo, Gohan works on overcoming this flaw of his, to not let his own superior power blind him on the battlefield ever again. By the time of the battle with the resurgent Red Ribbon Army and Cell Max, Gohan was shown to have overcome this flaw to a degree: upon assuming his Beast form, despite the level of power it brought him, he showed no hesitation in taking down Cell Max.

Besides concerning himself with his family (and his studies), Gohan has a strong attachment with his mentor: his father's former arch-rival Piccolo. After the death of Goku, Piccolo chose to train Gohan as he sensed the boy's massive in-born potential, which would be harnessed to help defend the Earth from the attack of the Saiyans. At first, the relationship with Piccolo is a frightening one, but after just one year, Piccolo admits his change because of the friendship he develops with Gohan and even sacrifices himself to save the boy from Nappa. Gohan has even openly come to think of Piccolo as a surrogate uncle to him. Krillin also has an influence on Gohan, as almost an uncle/nephew relationship, mainly because Krillin is Goku's closest friend. While Gohan does care about his mother, he is like his father in the way that they both have a fear of her temper to the point in Dragon Ball Super he informs his mother that Goku planned to leave to train under Whis, stating that he had to tell her for his own safety, though fortunately Chi-Chi surprisingly calmed down after Goku left with Whis. However, Gohan will defy his mother if it is important as he tells his mother off after she refuses to let him go to Namek to revive Piccolo using the Namekian Dragon Balls, due to feeling responsible for Piccolo's death at the hands of Nappa.

After the battle with Cell, Gohan gives up martial arts to focus on his studies and only resumed his training at the behest of his little brother Goten. Although he acknowledged he had fallen out of practice and lacked the fighting expertise of his father and Vegeta, Gohan gave all that he had as he fought Majin Buu and was eager to kill Buu for murdering his family and friends. In the years to come, he continued to train on-and-off while having a career and being a family man. He marries Videl, with whom he fell in love despite her being Mr. Satan's daughter, and has a daughter named Pan. Gohan proves to be a loving husband and doting father who takes delight in lavishing his daughter with attention and affection. 

Unlike his father, Gohan demonstrates interest in girls such as Videl though he is generally shy when it comes to girls around his own age and is respectful more towards girls and women due to his mother's influence (as Chi-Chi ensured that he and his brother had better manners and education than their father). However he can be at times just as oblivious as his father when it comes to romance as he is good natured personality as shown when he suggested Videl cut her hair for practical reasons though she assumed it was because he preferred girls with short hair and angrily told him off when she learned his true reasons as she herself was slowly developing a crush on him at the time and mistook his obliviousness as a sign that he wasn't interested, though she later followed his advice much to his utter confusion. However, he too slowly developed feelings for Videl after spending time with her and was deeply angered when she was brutalized by Spopovich to the point he rages caused him to involuntarily transform into a Super Saiyan causing him to lose his bandana, while doing everything he could to restrain himself from interrupting the match. He was even determined to avenge her by defeating Spopovich in the tournament though this ultimately did not occur and Spopovich was killed by Babidi. He also hid his role in Cell's defeat from her out of respect for her and her father, though later came clean during the conflict with Majin Buu though she herself was actually relieved as she had always secretly questioned the validity of her father's claims and only made her feelings for Gohan stronger as she recognized he was truly an awesome guy as he was humble about his achievement and never sought to profit from his defeat of Cell as he could have easily refuted Mr. Satan's claims had he wanted to by simply defeating him in a show of power.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Gohan angrily yelling at his father for suggesting Videl when trying to bribe Elder Kai to unlock Gohan's potential
 		 	 
Gohan's feelings for her were so strong that during the Fusion Saga he angrily opposed his father suggestion of using her to bribe the perverted Old Kai to unlock his potential. In fact, his angry reaction to his father's questionable yet well-meaning suggestion is not unlike Chi-Chi's temper, indicating that he inherited his temper from her which due to his Saiyan genetics likely contributed to his berserker-like rage as a child. However, he is somewhat bashful about his feelings for Videl due to his shyness. In Xenoverse 2, while working as an Instructor with Videl his oblivious personality is still present despite his feelings for her (as they are from a time period after the Kid Buu Saga, though still in the early stages of their relationship) as he obliviously asks the Future Warrior to join them when Videl suggests they go to the movies unaware that she was subtly asking Gohan out on a date causing her to angrily uninvite him stating she and the warrior would go to the movies without him out of frustration (she however enlists the Future Warrior's assistance in learning what Gohan likes in an effort to impress him as her attempts have been frustrated by Gohan's well-meaning but pure-hearted obliviousness). However he and Videl managed to bond and grow closer even fighting crime together as the Saiya Squad with Videl even donning her own alter-ego Great Saiyawoman and developing a fondness for heroic posing despite finding it ridiculous at first, though in Xenoverse 2 it is implied that she reluctantly agreed to pose at Great Saiyaman's insistence and found that she actually enjoyed it which apparently increased their bond with one another. After his marriage to Videl, he became a devoted husband. He felt terrible when Videl was injured during Bulma's birthday due to his drunken overconfidence causing him to recklessly defect a bullet shot by Mai, though fortunately neither Videl or the unborn Pan were seriously hurt and Dende was on hand to heal the injury. Videl later revealed she was pregnant much to Gohan and their family's joy, with Gohan excited at becoming a father. An equally devoted father, though due to his job and family life he neglected his training which left him unprepared for Frieza's revenge.

In the anime, after witnessing the death of Piccolo, Videl and Pan at the hands of Frieza before it was undone by Whis' Temporal Do-Over, Gohan realizes that he must get much stronger in order to protect them. Because of this, he asks Piccolo to train him once again.[7] His devotion to protecting his new family helped him regain his strength and he even returned to fighting crime as Great Saiyaman. However while working as a stunt double for Barry Kahn for the Great Saiyaman film after Mr. Satan got him the job (allowing him to ensure the film portrayed his alter-ego accurately so to protect Great Saiyaman's image as a heroic crime fighter), his identity as Great Saiyaman was discovered by pop idol Cocoa Amaguri, after she overheard Gohan talking about it to Bulma, who blackmailed him to fly her around town and do a rehearsal with her (as she was portraying Great Saiyaman's fictional love interest and damsel in distress in the film) though the rehearsal was something that Barry Kahn forced her to do as he planned to blackmail Gohan (and unbeknownst to Cocoa ruin her career at the same time) though Cocoa tried her best to avoid the planned set up by changing the location of the rehearsal as she had developed a crush on Gohan after recognizing how devoted he was to his wife and daughter, though she innocently kissed him on the lips to thank him for his kindness and words of encouragement, unaware that Barry Kahn had secretly followed them and took a picture though Barry's plan was thwarted by Videl seeing through his show of concern in an attempt to woo her after providing her with the photo as evidence that Gohan was unfaithful (when in reality Cocoa had kissed him without warning). After Barry was possessed by Watagash, he kidnapped Pan causing Gohan as Great Saiyaman to become Super Great Saiyaman and defeat the possessed Barry to protect his family from the possessed actor, managing to separate Barry from Watagash. During this confrontation, both Videl and Pan both had the faith Gohan would protect them showing they both know Gohan would do everything in his power to ensure their safety.

By the time of the Tournament of Power, Gohan has become considerably more powerful than before, however, despite reawakening his power, Piccolo points out his tendency to become arrogant and let his guard down could prove disastrous for Team Universe 7 during the tournament so he tries to discipline Gohan in order to break this dangerous habit. In the anime, after witnessing his son's newfound power, fighting instincts and keeping in mind his keen intellect, Goku makes the decision to step aside from the role of Team Captain and appoints Gohan as the Captain of Team Universe 7 after their fight, stating Gohan's power is similar to his own and his intelligence makes him ideal for the role. Ultimately, Gohan’s goal to grow stronger has taken a unique path compared to other Saiyans. While desiring to surpass his father, he wishes to do so by his own terms and methods, choosing to focus on empowering his natural and unamplified power rather than depend on any Super Saiyan transformations; in the manga, he views this as relying more on his individual nature than just his Saiyan aspect.[8] During the anime version of the tournament, Gohan proved to be a very capable leader coming up with numerous strategies on the spot to defeat troublesome opponents. Even Frieza, who detests all Saiyans, actually compliments Gohan's leadership skills, calling him a worthy leader.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Gohan's work on insect studies
 		 	 
In Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero, it is revealed that Gohan has become extremely devoted to his scholarly work, spending multiple days alone in his room working on a project on "Sai-ants", much to the chagrin of Piccolo, who believes he should be acting more as a family man and keeping up with his training.

In Dragon Ball Online, it is shown that as a scholar Gohan became devoted to studying and researching the nature of ki and begins researching the martial arts of the past, organizing them in his book Groundbreaking Science in Age 804. The book became extremely popular and introduced the concept of ki to the general population of Earth sparking a renewed interest in the martial arts and fighting. One of the articles, "Katchin Can Be Cut!", had an immense influence on his brother and Trunks leading them to study swordsmanship which allowed them to develop their natural potential via intense training and as adults Goten and Trunks founded the Kikoukenjutsu Sword School. The renewed interest in the martial arts also had to lead to the founding of the New Turtle School by Krillin and New Crane School by Tien Shinhan.

As Goku and Vegeta had left Earth to settle their rivalry in Age 801 after Goku realized his death was imminent, it was left to the remaining Z Fighters Gohan, Goten, Pan, Trunks, Krillin, and Tien to defend the Earth after the remnants of the Frieza Force invaded Earth following the death of Gohan's father-in-law Mr. Satan whom the Guard Troops that lead the army assumed had defeated Frieza. Like he had in the past, Gohan resorted to using his old alter-ego Great Saiyaman to defend the Earth and managed to convince Pan, Goten, Trunks, Krillin, and Tien to disguise themselves with Saiyaman-like suits as well to hide their identities while combating the Frieza Force, however their ki-based fighting style became a hot topic and global interest in ki escalated. As a result, Gohan in his role as a scholar and Z Fighter ended up sparking a martial arts revolution on Earth and secretly continued to defend Earth with his family and friends as he had done for most of his life.

References[]

↑ Daizenshuu 2, 1995

↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 Dragon Ball: Super Exciting Guide, 2009

↑ Dragon Ball GT: A Hero's Legacy, 1997

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 517, A Happy Ending... And Then...

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 289, Granddaughter Pan

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 182, "Gohan's Plea"

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 27, "The Earth Explodes?! A Decisive Kamehameha!"

↑ Direct translation.: "オレはサイヤ人としてではなく、1人の人間として進化する道を選んだ" ("I chose to evolve as my own person.")

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eDragon Team	
	
Members	Goku (Xeno) • Yamcha • Krillin • Master Roshi • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu • Yajirobe • Piccolo • Gohan (Xeno) • Vegeta (Xeno) • Trunks • Goten (Xeno) • Android 18 • Good Buu (Grand Supreme Kai) • Android 17 • Pan (Xeno) • Uub • Goku Jr.
	
	
Supporters	Bulma • Oolong • Puar • Chi-Chi • Ox-King • Launch • Turtle • World Tournament Announcer • Dr. Brief • Bikini • Scratch • Korin • Fortuneteller Baba • Kami • Mr. Popo • King Yemma • King Kai • Bubbles • Gregory • Dende • Moori • Marron • Pybara • Shin • Kibito • Kibito Kai • Mr. Satan • Videl • Bee • Old Kai • Tarble • Gure • Beerus • Whis • Tights • Jaco • Galactic King • Merus • Calamis • Irico • Esca • Monaka • Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu • Cabba • Gowasu • Zeno • Bulla • Giru • Valese
	
	
Allies	Nam • Suno • Android 8 • Arale Norimaki • Gatchan • Senbei Norimaki • Turbo Norimaki • Bora • Upa • Grandpa Gohan • King Furry • Annin • Hero • Pansy • Kooky Cook • Melone • Grand Elder Guru • Nail • Necke • Maima • Tsumuri • Icarus • Maron • Vomi • Android 16 • Olibu • West Kai • South Kai • East Kai • Grand Kai • Pikkon • Erasa • Tapion • Glorio • Panzy • Kadan • Neva • Majin Kuu • Hit • Reality Machine #2 • Cocoa Amaguri • Yurin • Cell Jr. • Broly • Cheelai • Lemo • Granolah • Monaito • Oatmeel • Dr. Hedo • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Bardock (Xeno) • Neko Majin Z • Leena • Doma • Bon Para • Son Para • Don Para • Ledgic • Unnamed Alien Boy • Sugoro • Shusugoro • Nuova Shenron • Puck • Chronoa • Tokitoki • Jiren • Putine • Salsa • Hearts • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Bardock (Xeno) • Beat • Note • Froze • Kagyu • Kabra • Zen • Chamel • Nim • Fen • Wairu • Mecha Goku • Android 21 (Good)
	
	
Future Counterparts	
Members	Future Trunks (Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Future Gohan (Cell) • Future Goku (Cell) • Future Vegeta (Cell) • Future Piccolo (Cell) • Future Krillin (Cell) • Future Yamcha • Future Tien Shinhan (Cell) • Future Chiaotzu • Future Yajirobe
	
	
Supporters & Allies	Future Android 8 • Future Bulma • Future Chi-Chi • Future Master Roshi • Future Puar • Future Turtle • Future Oolong • Future Ox-King • Future Dr. Brief • Future Scratch • Future King Yemma • Future Dende • Future King Kai • Future Korin • Future Kami • Future Shin • Future Kibito • Future Mai • Future Old Kai • Future Mr. Satan • Future Good Buu • Future Nail • Future Pikkon • Future Bardock • Haru • Maki • Future Zeno
	

	
	
Fused Members	
Fusion Dance	Future Gohanks (Xeno) • Gogeta (Future • Xeno) • Gotenks (Xeno) • Prilin • Tiencha
	
	
Potara	Android 35 • Den-Goku • Gokule • Kibito Kai • Old Kai (Future) • Xeno Vegeks • Vegito (Xeno)
	
	
EX-Fusion	Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Arale 18 • Barlot • Bulpan • Chiaohan • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coohan • EX Gogeta • EX Gohanks • EX Gotenks • EX Prilin • EX Trunks • EX Yamhan • Gorillin • Gorus • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Ginyuman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Kibeer Kai • Kibicollo Kai • Krigohan • Majin Satan • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Picohan • Pinita • Tanks • Towale • Vegenks • Yamta
	

	
	
Related Articles	
Affiliated Groups	Brief family • Son family •  Turtle School (New Turtle School) • West City Fire Brigade • Dragon Clan • Kadan Force •  Para Brothers • Galactic Patrol • Team Universe 7 • Pilaf Gang • Earth's Police • Earth's Military (Earth's Resistance) • Tien-Shin Style Dojo (New Crane School) • MIR • Kikoukenjutsu Sword School • Pan Fighting Network • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light) • Vegeta Sky Pirates
	
	
Bases	Mount Paozu (Goku's House • Grandpa Gohan's House) • Gohan's House • Kame House • Capsule Corporation • Korin Tower • Krillin's House • The Lookout (Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Pendulum Room) • King Kai's Planet • Piccolo's House • Planet Yardrat • Satan House • Sacred World of the Kai • Beerus' Planet • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Time Nest
	

	

v · d · eTime Patrol	
	
Leaders	Chronoa • Future Trunks (Xeno) • Old Kai • King Kai
	
	
Members	
Heroes Members	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Gohan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Bardock 
 Bulma • Sealas • Tokitoki • Chamel • Beat • Note • Fen • Leggings • Froze • Kabra • Kagyu • Nim • Wairu • Zen • Hero Robots • Super Hero Robo • Putine
	
	
Fused Members	Xeno Gogeta • Xeno Gohanks • Xeno Gotenks • Xeno Vegito • Xeno Vegeks • Jacunks
	
	
Xenoverse Members	Tokitoki • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Ninja Murasaki • Konkon • Chacha • Akkah • Aoh
	
	
Online Members	Hope! • Youth
	

	
	
Squadrons	Taino Force • Romance Rangers • Nutz Gang • Murasaki Brothers • Hero Society • Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light
	
	
Masters/Instructors/Partners	Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Bardock • Beerus • Bojack • Broly (DBS) • Captain Ginyu • Cell • Cooler • Dodoria • Frieza • Fu • Gogeta • Gohan (Future) • Goku • Good Buu • Gotenks • Hit • Jaco • Janemba • Jiren • Kefla • Krillin • Lord Slug • Mr. Satan • Nappa • Syn Shenron • Pan • Piccolo • Raditz • Super Buu • Tapion • Tien Shinhan • Future Trunks • Turles • Vegeta • Vegito • Videl • Whis • Yamcha • Future Zamasu (Goku Black) • Zarbon
	
	
Allies	Android 17 (Hell Fighter • Super 17) • Android 21 (Good) • Beat's Mom • Bocacchi • Cooler Force (Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force (Ginyu Force) • Galactic Patrol • Giru • Kang • Kong • Minotia • Namekians (Dende • Kami • Grand Elder Guru • Nail) • New Crane School • Saibamen • Tapion • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Bardock • Bee • Beerus • Bubbles • Bulma (Future) • Champa • Chi-Chi • Dr. Hedo • Earth's Military (King Furry) • Farmer • Fortuneteller Baba • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Gregory • Majin family • Majuub • Mr. Popo • Nallej • King Kai • Oolong • Pikkon (Future) • Pride Troopers (Dyspo • Jiren • Top) • Scratch • Vados • Whis • Xeno King Vegeta • Xiaon • Yajirobe • Yuto • Zeno (Future) • Aeos • Warriors in Black (Future Warrior in Black • Namekian in Black • Vidro) • Demigra Army (Demigra • Chamel • Robelu • Shirogame) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dragon Ball Online • Dragon Ball Heroes (World Mission • Dark Empire Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universal Conflict Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Supreme Kai of Time Saga (Super Space-Time Tournament) • Demon Invader Saga) • Dragon Ball Xenoverse • Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Unknown History Saga • Infinite History Saga • Frieza's Siege • Hero Colosseum • Conton City Tournament) • Dragon Ball: The Breakers • Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle • Dragon Ball Fusions (Timespace Tournament)
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related Articles	Alternate Timeline • Capsule (CC Mascot • Vehicle Capsule 315 • Vehicle Capsule 318 • Vehicle Capsule 340) • CC Robot • Dragon Ball Heroes machines • Hero Suit (Great Saiyaman Watch) • Hero Switch • Hero Town • Toki Toki City • Conton City (Dragon • Dragon Ball Pedestal • Conton City Patroller Academy • Time Miniature • Time Nest • Tokitoki (race) • Tokitoki's Egg (Distorted Time Egg) • Gate • Hercule Badge • Mask • Scouter • Scroll of Eternity (Lucky Time Box) • Sealas' Staff • Super Soul • Key Sword • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Time Machine (Super Time Machine) • Time Patroller Suit • Transphere (Super) • World of Mind Control • Z-Soul
	

v · d · eGalactic Patrol	
	
Leaders	Galactic King
		
	
Members	Calamis • Chiwak • Irico • Jaco • Jiya • Merus • Sealas • Steth • Tyber
	
	
Fused Members	Fuber • Great Jaco • Jacunks • Ultra Fusion
	
	
Temporary Members	Goku • Vegeta • Piccolo • Gohan • Krillin • Android 17 • Android 18 • Master Roshi • Yamcha • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu
	
	
Squadrons	Kusaya Squad
	
	
Allies	Capsule Corporation (Dr. Brief) • Dragon Team (Bulma • Tights • Z Fighters • Trunks • Goten • Good Buu/Grand Supreme Kai • Mr. Satan • Dende • Mr. Popo) • East City Sea Police (Aosa • Hijiki • Hondawara • Tamagoro Katayude • Mozuku) • Esca • Kaede • Manpuku Okawari • Moori • Sachie Momochi • Saiya Squad (Great Saiyaman 1 • Great Saiyaman 2 • Great Saiyaman 3 • Great Saiyaman 12) • South Supreme Kai • Shin • Old Kai • Kibito • Time Patrol (Chronoa • Tokitoki) • Tokunoshin Omori • Yukio Kyumonji • Zarid
	
	
Related Articles	Amond • Extinction Bomb • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Galactic Patrol Medal • Galactic Prison • Galactic Receiver • Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Jaco's Spaceship • Metamo-Ring • Mogan • Nutts • Octos • Omori's Island • Ray Gun • Stun Gun • Vamp
	

v · d · eSaiyans	
	
Pure-blooded Saiyans	Amepai • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Beets • Binas • Borgos • Broly (Future • Super) • Bukha • Captain Ginyu • Chokly • Cissito • Cumber • Fasha • Garatz • Giblet • Gine • Goku (Future • Cell • DBE • Kakarot • Xeno) • Goku Black (Crimson-Masked Saiyan) • Jagamo • Kiclee • King Vegeta (Xeno) • King Vegeta's Majordomo • Leek • Lisee • Moroko • Nappa (Cell) • Narmis • Nazz • Nion • Nira • Onio • Paprika • Paragus (Super) • Pinich • Prika • Queen of the Saiyans • Quillin • Racyoh • Raditz • Rakyo • Rhubub • Ruccola • Sage • Scarface • Saimo • Sesamy • Shallot • Shorty • Shito • Shugesh • Skwash • Soga • Sorama • Stabba • Super Saiyan God • Tarble • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno) • Tyber • Vasabi • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yamoshi • Zaripai • Zemma • Zysa
	
	
Hybrid Saiyans	Akina • Basaku • Beat • Bio-Broly • Bulla • Bulma Leigh • Captain Ginyu • Dark Gogeta • Duplicate Vegeta • Erito • Forte • Fused Zamasu/Infinite Zamasu (Goku Black • Future Zamasu) • Gohan (Future • Cell • Xeno • Future Warrior in Black) • Goku Jr. • Goku's Doll • Goten (Xeno) • Janemba's Majin Vegeta • Mint • Mizore • Nenjo • Note • Shalot • Trunks (Future • Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Pan (Xeno) • Vegeta Jr. • Viola
	
	
Universe 6 Saiyans	Cabba • Caulifla • Kale • King Sadala • Renso
	
	
Saiyan fusions	Android Biwala 33 • Android Gowry 33 • Android Leganon 33 • Android Huki 44 • Android Vasabi 55 • Android Bukha 76 • Barlot • Bukwash • Bulpan • Coohan • Den-Goku • EX Trunks • Failed Fusions • Fuber • Fused Zamasu • Garash • Ginyuman • God Fusion Goku • Gohanks (EX • Future • Xeno) • Gogeta (EX • Future • Xeno) • Gokule • Gomas • Gorilin • Gorus • Gotenks (EX • Xeno) • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Karoly Black • Kefla • Krigohan • Liseemis • Minlee • Mirara • Natz • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Pinita • Piratz • Rappa • Shallet • Tanks • Towane • Turtz • Ultra Fusion • Ultra Pinich • Vegenks • Vegito (Xeno) • Xeno Vegeks • Yamta
	
	
Ordinary transformations	
Great Ape (Kili Enhanced • Wrathful • Oozaru (DBE))
	
	
Super Saiyan (Pseudo • Powerhouse (Second Grade • Third Grade) • Full Power • Partial • Berserk • Broly-type (A-type • C-type • Legendary)
	
	
Super Saiyan 2 (Legendary • Enraged • Rage)
	
	
Super Saiyan 3 (Legendary • Full Power • Xeno-Evolution)
	
	
Super Saiyan God (Saiyan beyond God) • God Broly
	
	
Rampaging
	
	
Evil Saiyan
	

	
	
Hybrid transformations	
Spirit Bomb Super Saiyan
	
	
Super Kaio-ken
	
	
Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan (Blue • Kaio-ken • Perfected • Evolved • Barrier • Berserk • Berserk Controlled • Universe Tree Power) •
 (Rosé • Rosé 2 • Rosé 3 • Rosé Full Power)
	
	
Golden Great Ape (Legendary)
	
	
Super Saiyan 4 (Full Power • Full Power Limit Breaker • Kaio-ken)
	
	
Tuffleization (Strongest Form 1 • Strongest Form 2 • Golden Great Ape)
	
	
Dark Super Saiyan God • Dark Ki: Unleashed
	

	
	
Other transformations	Power Pole Pro • Kaio-ken • Unlock Potential (Manipulation Sorcery (King of Destruction)) • Culture Fluid Absorption Gigantification • Ultimate (Beast) • Candy Vegito • Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement • Dark Evolution • Dark Ki • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain) (Ultra) • Giant Form • Hi-Tension • Shenron Mode • Ultra Instinct Sign (True • Perfected) • Ultra Ego • Goku's Change • Xeno-Evolution • Transcended
	
	
Squadrons	Saiyan Army (King Vegeta's Elite • Team Bardock • Phantom Saiyans) • Dark Empire (Universe Creation Planners) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force • Galactic Patrol • Mastermind's group • New Saiyan Empire • Sadala Army • Team 5 • Team Universe 6 • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Hero Society • Nutz Gang • Romance Rangers • Taino Force • Warriors of Light) • Turles Crusher Corps
	
	
Wars & Conflicts	Saiyan-Tuffle war • Genocide of Cereal • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek war • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Zeno Expo • Tournament of Power
	
	
Related Articles	Ahms • Android 21 (Good • Evil) • Attack Ball • Bardock's Spaceship • Battle Armor • Blutz Waves (Blutz Wave Generator) • Broly Control Mechanism • Broly's Ring • Capsule Corporation Spaceship • Cell (Present • Future • New • Xeno • Cells) • Cell Jr. • Clones • Commeson • Culture Fluid • Flying Nimbus • Frieza Force • Fu • God-to-Blue • Heart Virus (Heart Medicine) • Heeter • Honey • House of Vegeta • Legendary Super Saiyan (disambiguation) • Mecha Goku • New Planet Vegeta • Paragus' Spaceship • Planet Vegeta (Bardock's Village (Bardock's House) • Vegeta's Palace) • Power Pole • Ray Gun • Restraint Jacket • S-Cells • Sadala • Saibamen • Saiya Power • Saiyan Power • Scout-Scope • Scouter • Son family • Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) • Super Saiyan God (race) • Time Breaker Mind Control (Anti-Blutz Wave Masks) • Tree of Might (Fruit of the Tree of Might) • Troublemaker Education
	

v · d · eEarthlings	
	
Human-Type Earthlings	Agundas • Akai Tomato • Akane Kimidori • Alpha 12 • An Azuki • Android 17's Wife • Angela • Antique Shop Owner • Antoine the Great • Aoi Kimidori • Aosa • Bacterian • Barry Kahn • Basaku • Beat • Beat's Mom • Beta 7 • Bikini • Bimbo • Bocacchi • Bongo • Bora • Bullies of the Orin Temple • Bulma (Future • DBE) • Burdwell • Captain Bacterian • Captain Chicken • Captain Dark • Captain Ginyu • Captain of the Guard • Carey Fuller • Carmine • Caroni • Chamel • Chamile • Chao • Charmy Yamada • Chi-Chi (Future • DBE) • Chi-Chi's mother • Chiaotzu • Chico • Chocora • Chok • Chow • Chuu Lee • Coco • Cocoa Amaguri • Colonel Silver • Colonel Violet • Commander Red • Cynthia • Daigoro Kurigashira • The Dictator • Donko • Doskoi • Dr. Auto • Dr. Brief (Future) • Dr. Challenger • Dr. Collie • Dr. Flappe • Dr. Gero (Clone • Future • Cell) • Dr. Hedo • Dr. Hedo's Father • Dran • Dub • Eclain • Eclair • Emi • Ena • Erasa • Erito • Fanfan • Farmer • Fen • Fire Safety Kids • Forte • Fortuneteller Baba • Freddy Hein • Fyler • Gala • Gato • Geveta • Gevo • General Blue • General White • Gibachi • Grandma Hakkake • Grandma Paozu • Grandpa Gohan (DBE) •  Gyaosu • Hacchi • Haru • Hasky • Hasky's Followers • Haya • Hero • Hero Stadium Announcer • Hijiki • Hondawara • Honey • Hyororot • Idasa • Idasam • Ikose • Intergalactic Fighters • Isaza • Jajee •  Jam (Dragon Ball Fusions) • Jewel • Jimmy Firecracker • Jingle Village Chief • Juliana • Kabra • Kaede • Kagyu • Kajika • Kallon • Kalpochof • Kami of the Previous Generation • Kang • Karot • Kasal • Kasdan • Killa • King Chappa • King Kress • Kinoko Sarada • Kojiro • Kompas • Kong • Kooky Cook • Korinto • Krillin (Clone • Future • Cell) • Kurikinton Soramame • Lapis (Future • Cell) • Launch • Lazuli (Future • Cell) • Lime • Lody • Lord Jaguar • Lotta Cash • Mabon • Magenta • Mai (Future • DBE) • Maki • Mako Maruyama • Maloja• Mamako Omori • Manpuku Okawari • Maron • Marron • Master Chin • Master Mutaito (DBE) • Master Roshi (Future • DBE) • Master Shen • Men-Men • Mercenary Tao • Michael • Midori Norimaki • Mighty Mask • Miguel • Mint • Mint (World Mission) •  Miss Piiza • Mizore • Moden • Momo-chan • Monty • Monster Carrot's Henchmen • Mousse • Mousse and Eclair's children • Mozuku • Mr. Borbonne • Mr. Kingery • Mr. Lao • Mr. Musuka • Mr. Satan (Future • Universe 6) • Mr. Shu • Mugley • Murasaki Brothers • Nain • Nam • Nareg • Nejishiki • Ninja Murasaki • Note • Nok • Note • Oats • Old Scientist • Old Woman Spring • Olibu • Omori's Wife • Otokosuki • Ox-King (Future) • Pagos • Pamput • Panna • Pansy • Paopao • Pare • Pasta • Paul • Peasuke Soramame • Peco • Penguin Village Junior High Principal • Pepper Johnson • Pete Kobayashi • Peter • Pharaoh Totenhotep • Pigero • Pintar • Pirozhki • Piscuit • Pit Bull Pete • Plague • Plamo • Pocawatha • Pochimura • Polly Buckets • Princess Misa • Puck • Queen Kress • Ranfan • Rezok • Richest man in Gingertown • Rising Dragon • Roche •  Rock • Rocky Rivers • Rom • Rulah • Sachie Momochi • Satan City Mayor • Seki • Senbei Norimaki • Sharpner • Shen • Sergeant Nutz • Sheriff Rao • Sherman Priest • Shinseki • Shoken • Skale • Sky Dragon • Smitty • Soldier 15 • Sora • Spopovich • Staff Officer Black • Suno • Tamagoro Katayude • Tanmen • Taro Soramame • Terror • Thief Boy • Thunderbolt • Tien Shinhan (Clone • Future • Cell) • Tights • Tokunoshin Omori • Tommy • Traffic Agent Lady • Trunks • Tsubasa • Tsukutsun Tsun • Tsuntsunodanoteiyugo Tsun • Tsururin Tsun • Tsuruten Tsun • Turbo Norimaki • Udo • Upa • Uub • Uuby • Valese • Van Zant •  Videl • Village Elder • Viola • Vodka • Vodka's bodyguards • Vomi • Wairu • Wanta • Wayan Budhiyasa • Weaver • Wild Tiger • World Tournament Announcer • X.S. Cash •  Yajirobe (Future) • Yamcha (Clone • Future • DBE) • Yamu • Yaochun • Yoshito-kun • Yukio Kyumonji • Yurin • Yuzukar • Zalador • Zarid • Zen
	
	
Animal-Type Earthlings	Agarizame • Bear Thief • Captain Yellow • Donbe • General Bon • Hasky's Followers • Jasmine • Jinku • King Furry • Kondanuki • Konkichi • Man-Wolf • Monster Carrot • Mr. Pig • Oolong (Future) • Oonaan • Pongitsune • Puar (Future) • Shu (Future) • Sunglasses Crocodile • Torahachiro • Turtle (Future) • West City Mayor • Wombat and Biker • World Tournament Chairman • Yordon
	
	
Monster-Type Earthlings	Bandages the Mummy • Emperor Pilaf (Future) • Igor • King Gurumes • Paella • Vampire (Fangs the Vampire)
	
	
Earthling-Saiyan Hybrids	Akina • Beat • Bulla • Bulma Leigh • Captain Ginyu • Gohan (Clone • Future • Cell • Xeno • Future Warrior in Black) • Gohan Black • Goten (Xeno) • Trunks (Clone • Future • Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Pan (Xeno) • Goku Jr. • Vegeta Jr.
	
	
Earthling Cyborgs	Android 8 (Future) • Android 17 (Future • Cell) • Android 18 (Future • Cell) • Android 21 (Evil • Good) • Android 25 • Android 26 • Genome • Cell (Present • Future • Unseen • Xeno) • Cell Jr. • Dr. Gero (Future • Cell) • Dr. Kochin • Dr. Mashirito • Dr. Wheelo • Fu • Magenta • Mercenary Tao • Mira (Dark Empire)
	
	
Earthling Fusions	Arale 18 • Android 35 • Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Android 1920 • Bulpan • Butran • Cell 17 • Celluza • Chiaohan • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Chocof • Coohan • Eclon • EX Gohanks • EX Trunks • Failed Fusions • Future Gohanks • Gatob • Ginyuman • God Fusion Goku  • Gokule • Gorilin • Gotenks (EX • Xeno) • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Jacunks • Jamila • Kallohan • Krigohan • Majin Satan • Majuub • Miracora • Pandel • Pannan • Perfect 16 • Piratz • Prillin (EX) • Super 17 • Tanks • Tiencha (EX) • Tiradoola • Tiraf • Tirara • Ultra Fusion (Tekka) • Ultra Pinich • Vegenks • Xeno Vegeks • Yamta
	
	
Earthling Transformations	Max Power • Power Pole Pro • Beastman • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra)) • Black Water Mist (Demon Clan) • Ghost • Hi-Tension • Jiang Shi • Zombie
Super Saiyan (Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) (Rampaging) • Powerhouse (Second Grade • Third Grade) • Full Power) • Super Saiyan 2 (Super Saiyan Rage) • Super Saiyan 3 • Great Ape • Golden Great Ape (Super Saiyan 4) • Super Saiyan God (Saiyan beyond God • Super Saiyan Blue)
Perfected Ultra Instinct
	
	
Other Transformations	Kaio-ken • Ultimate (Beast) • Unlock Potential (Manipulation Sorcery) • Selflessness State • Tuffleization (Strongest Form 1) • Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement • Dragomin
	
	
Squadrons & Companies	Police (Galactic Patrol • MIR • Sunset City Police Department) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army • Red Pharmaceuticals) • Ninja Clan • Karinga Tribe • Kawa Tribe • Peck Peck Tribe • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Crane School (New Crane School) • Dog Dragon Gang • Panther-Fang School • Pilaf Gang • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Lucky Foods • Pod Corporation • Rabbit Mob • Royal Academy of Science • Dictator Army • Earth's Military (Earth's Resistance) • Gurumes Army • Kikoukenjutsu Sword School • Magical Pharmaceuticals • Mercenary Clan • Mutaito Training Academy • Mifan Army • Vodka Gang • Battle Ball Team • Red Shark Gang • Rockets • Taitans • Toad Warriors • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Hero Society • Nutz Gang • Romance Rangers • Warriors of Light) • Town Militia • ZTV (KBC News • Wide-Thigh Aerobics)
	
	
Wars, Conflicts & Tournaments	World Martial Arts Tournaments • Cell Games • Other World Tournament • Tournament of Destroyers • Zeno Expo • Tournament of Power • Super Space-Time Tournament
	

v · d · eTuffles	
	
Universe 7 Tuffles	Baby • Dr. Lychee • King Tuffle • Tuffle Parasites
	
	
Universe 6 Tuffles	Kamin • Oren
	
	
Universe 2 Tuffles	Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Infected/Hybrids	Trunks • Goten • Gohan •  Bulla • Pan • Vegeta (Xeno) • Earthlings (Bulma • Videl • Chi-Chi • Krillin • Android 18 • Marron • Master Roshi • Ox-King • Dr. Hedo • Oolong • Mr. Satan • Fortuneteller Baba • Launch • Farmer • Future Mai • King Furry • Yajirobe • Puar) • King Kai • Dende • Mr. Popo • Hirudegarn • Universe 6 Saiyans (Caulifla • Kale • Cabba • Caulifla's Gang • Renso • King Sadala) Jaco • Lemo • Cheelai • Unnamed Alien Boy
	
	
Tuffle Fusions	Baby Hatchiyack • Baby Janemba • Kamioren
	
	
Living Creations	Hatchiyack • Godgardon • Lychee's Monsters (Kinkarn • Arbee • Ponkarn • Kawazu • Jiku • Skud • Gure • Budo) • Machine Mutant (Dr. Myuu • General Rilldo • Giru • Commander Nezi • Bizu • Natt • Ribet • M-2 • Mutchy • Leon • Luud • Hell Fighter 17) • Bio-Warrior (White Bio-Man)
	
	
Transformations	Ghost Warrior
Formation
Neo Machine Mutant
Super Saiyan • Super Saiyan 2 • Tuffleized Super Saiyan (Strongest Form 1 • Strongest Form 2 • Golden Great Ape)
Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra))
Transcended
	
	
Related	Blutz Wave Generator • Dark Planet • Planet Plant • Ray Gun • Saiyans • Scouter
	

v · d · eWorld Martial Arts Tournament	
	
Staff	World Tournament Chairman • World Tournament Announcer (Future)
		
	
Contestants	
Pre-21st Tournament Debut	King Chappa • Spike the Devil Man
	
	
21st Tournament Debut	Bacterian • Fighter 40 • Fighter 69 • Fighter 83 • Fighter 97 • Great Lee • Bullies of the Orin Temple • Giran • Goku (Future • Cell) • Jackie Chun (Master Roshi) (Future) • Krillin (Future • Cell) • Nam • Ranfan • Yamcha (Future)
	
	
22nd Tournament Debut	Antoine the Great • Archdemon • Chiaotzu (Future) • Cyclops • Man-Wolf • Mohawked Fighter • Orc • Pamput • Saber tiger • Shaman • Sumo Wrestler • Tien Shinhan (Future • Cell)
	
	
23rd Tournament Debut	Anonymous (Chi-Chi) (Future) • Hero (Kami) (Future) • Cyborg Tao • Demon Jr. (Piccolo) (Future • Cell) • Yajirobe (Future)
	
	
24th Tournament Debut	Jewel • Killa • Mighty Mask • Mr. Satan • Pintar • Spopovich • Videl
	
	
25th Tournament Debut	Android 18 • Goten • Great Saiyaman (Gohan) • Idasa • Ikose • Kadopi • Kibito • Koryuu • Pyonatt • Shin (Supreme Kai) • Trunks • Vegeta • Yamu
	
	
26th Tournament Debut	Mr. Buu
	
	
28th Tournament Debut	Captain Chicken • Nareg • Nok • Otokosuki • Pan • Uub • Wild Tiger
	
	
31st Tournament Debut	Charlie • Matt Cat • Mugley • Papayaman (Majuub) • Super One
	
	
64th Tournament Debut	Goku Jr. • Vegeta Jr.
	

	
	
Related Articles	Cell Games • Papaya Island • Punching Machine
	

v · d · eTournament of Power	
	
Universe 2	Bikal • Harmira • Jimizu • Kakunsa • Prum • Rabanra • Ribrianne • Roasie • Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Universe 3	Agnilasa • Biarra • Borareta • Catopesra • Koicéareta • Koitsukai • Maji-Kayo • Narirama • Nigrissi • Pancéa • Paparoni • Za Priccio
	
	
Universe 4	Caway • Damom • Dercori • Gamisalas • Ganos • Majora • Monna • Nink • Shosa • Xiangca
	
	
Universe 6	Auta Magetta • Botamo • Cabba • Caulifla • Frost • Hit • Kale • Kefla • Pilina • Dr. Rota • Saonel
	
	
Universe 7	Android 17 • Android 18 • Frieza • Gohan • Goku • Krillin • Master Roshi • Piccolo • Tien Shinhan • Vegeta
	
	
Universe 9	Basil • Bergamo • Chappil • Comfrey • Hop • Hyssop • Lavender • Oregano • Roselle • Sorrel
	
	
Universe 10	Dium • Dyrasem • Methiop • Murichim • Murisam • Napapa • Obni • Rubalt • Rylibeu • Zircor
	
	
Universe 11	Cocotte • Dyspo • Jiren • Kahseral • K'nsi • Kettle • Top • Tupper • Vewon • Zoire
	

v · d · eSuper Space-Time Tournament	
	
Team 1	Goku • Vegeta • Gohan • Piccolo • Yamcha • Hit • Jiren
	
	
Team 2	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Gohan • Chronoa
	
	
Team 3	Tapion • Konatsians
	
	
Team 4	Mecha Frieza • Zarbon • Dodoria • Shisami • Cui • Tagoma • Sorbet
	
	
Team 5	Frieza • Cooler • Hearts • Cumber • Super 17 • Dr. Wheelo • Turles
	
	
Team 6	Dabura • Pui Pui • Spopovich • Yamu • Yakon
	
	
Team 7	Android 13 • Android 14 • Android 15 • Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Android 19
	
	
Team 8	Lord Slug • Medamatcha • Angila • Wings • Commander Zeeun
	
	
Team 9	Bojack • Zangya • Bido • Bujin • Kogu
	
	
Team 10	Salza • Dore • Neiz • Raditz
	
	
Team 11	Captain Ginyu • Jeice • Burter • Recoome • Guldo
	
	
Team 12	Mercenary Tao • Ninja Murasaki • Colonel Silver • General White • General Blue • Buyon • Major Metallitron
	
	
Intruders	Broly • Hirudegarn • Kid Buu • Janemba • Cell
	
	
Berserkers	Android 13 • Baby • Bojack • Cell • Chilled • Fin • Gravy • Hatchiyack • Innocent Buu • Lord Slug • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno Dabura • Xeno Syn Shenron
	
	
Unknown Team Members	Frost • King Cold • Angol • Moah • Bergamo • Rasin • Lakasei • Basil • Murichim • Dercori