Articles on
Goku
	
Introduction • Biography • Power and Abilities • Misc • Gallery
	

This article is about the original character.  For other uses, see Goku (disambiguation).  

"No, see, I don't think of it like I'm saving the world. The fact is, it's because I'm usually trying to challenge the strongest warriors I can find. That's how this tournament happened, too. But I can't bear the thought of innocent lives getting wiped out just because I want to fight the best. So, I'll do what I can for them."

— Goku to Android 17 in "Hunt the Poaching Ring! Goku and Android 17's Joint Struggle!"

	

Son Goku

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

孫そん悟ご空くう
カカロット

Son Gokū
Kakarotto

	
		Anime name

	
	Goku
Kakarot

	
		Manga name

	
	Son Goku
Kakarrot

	
		Alias

	
	Present Goku[1]
Goku Son[2]
Son Gokoh[3]
Son Gokou
Son Gokuh
Son Gokuu
Sangoku
Kakarotto
Kakarrot
Kacarrot
Kakarot
Kakaroth
Kong

Debuts

	
		Appears in

	
	Dragon BallDragon Ball ZDragon Ball GTDragon Ball SuperSuper Dragon Ball Heroes
Nekomajin
Dr. SlumpJaco the Galactic Patrolman

	
		Manga Debut

	
	"Bloomers and the Monkey King"

	
		Anime Debut

	
	"The Secret of the Dragon Balls"

	
		Movie Debut

	
	Dragon Ball: Curse of the Blood Rubies

	
		Game Debut

	
	Dragon Ball: Pilaf no Gyakushū

Characteristics

	
		Race

	
	Saiyan
Ginyu's race (temporarily)

	
		Gender

	
	Male

	
		Height

	
	175 cm (5'9") "adult"[4]

	
		Weight

	
	62 kg (137 lbs) "adult"[4]

	
		Birth Date

	
	Age 737[5][4]
Age 734[6]

	
		Death Date(s)

	
	October 12, Age 761[7]
May 26, Age 767[8]
Age 779[9]
Age 780[10]

Professional Status

	
		Occupation

	
	Low-class Warrior (Formerly)
Martial Artist
Milkman[13][14]
Firefighter[15]
Farmer[16]
Security Guard[17]
Deputized Galactic Patrolman
Temporary Guardian of Earth[18]

	
		Allegiance

	
	Frieza Force (Saiyan Army) (Formerly)
Dragon Team
Turtle School (Formerly)
Team Universe 7
Galactic Patrol

	
		Address

	
	Bardock's House[11] (Formerly)
Grandpa Gohan's House (Formerly)
58N 018, 439 East District[12]

Personal Status

	
		Relatives

	
	Bardock (father)
Gine (mother)
Raditz (older brother)
Grandpa Gohan (adoptive grandfather)
Chi-Chi (wife)
Ox-King (father-in-law)
Mother-in-law
Gohan (eldest son)
Goten (youngest son)
Videl (daughter-in-law)
Pan (granddaughter)
Goku Jr. (descendant)
Beat (descendant)[19]
Youth (descendant)[20]

	
		Counterparts

	
	Future Goku
Future Goku (Cell's timeline)
Xeno Goku
Kakarot
Goku (Goku Black's timeline)
Goku Black
Crimson-Masked Saiyan
Shadow Goku
Clone Goku
Tangtong

	
		Mentors

	
	Grandpa Gohan
Master Roshi
Korin
Mr. Popo
Kami
King Kai
Pybara
Yuzukar (Driving Instructor)
Whis
Merus
Grand Minister[21]

	
		Students

	
	Gohan
Goten
Trunks
Caulifla
Broly
Pan
Uub
Neko Majin Z[22][19]

Son Goku (孫そん悟ご空くう, Son Gokū), born Kakarot (カカロット, Kakarotto), is a Saiyan raised on Earth and the main protagonist of the Dragon Ball series. He is the second-born son and youngest child of Bardock and Gine, the husband of Chi-Chi, and the father of Gohan and Goten. Originally sent to Earth by his parents as an infant, Kakarot was adopted by Grandpa Gohan and renamed Son Goku. A head injury at an early age altered Goku's memory, ridding him of his initial destructive nature and allowing him to grow up to become one of Earth's greatest defenders. Goku constantly strives and trains to be the greatest warrior that he can possibly be, which has kept the Earth and the universe safe from destruction multiple times.[23]

Contents

1 Concept and creation

2 Appearance

3 Personality

4 References

5 Site Navigation

	
		
				
					
					
				
			Quick Answers

		

		
	

	
			
				
					Who is Goku?
						
				
				
					
						A Saiyan who was sent to Earth by his parents as an infant and adopted by Grandpa Gohan who renamed him Son Goku. A head injury at an early age altered Goku's memory, ridding him of his initial destructive nature and allowing him to grow up to become one of Earth's greatest defenders.
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is Goku's real name?
						
				
				
					
						Kakarot.
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Who are Goku's parents?
						
				
				
					
						Bardock and Gine
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Who is Goku married to?
						
				
				
					
						Chi-Chi
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Who are Goku's children?
						
				
				
					
						Gohan and Goten.
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
	

Concept and creation[]

The original incarnation of Goku in the Dragon Ball prototype Dragon Boy was Tangtong. The original inspirations for that story were Hong Kong martial arts films, including Bruce Lee films such as Enter the Dragon (1973) and Jackie Chan films such as Drunken Master (1978);[24][25] Toriyama later said he had a young Jackie Chan in mind for a live-action Goku, stating that "nobody could play Goku but him."[26]

The Dragon Ball universe began as a loose adaptation of the classic Chinese novel Journey to the West, with Goku himself as an alternate take on Sun Wukong. Similarities between the two include their mischievous nature and possession of the Power Pole and Flying Nimbus.[27]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Akira Toriyama's original design of Goku
 		 	 
When Toriyama started his first draft of Dragon Ball, he originally planned on making Goku a full monkey to make the series more faithful to Journey to the West. During Toriyama's second draft, Goku was instead a full human dressed in sailor clothes that rode a flight mecha instead of the Flying Nimbus.[27] Toriyama's third draft became the final design.

Goku's adoptive full name is also based on the traditional Mandarin Chinese full name 孫悟空 (Sūn Wùkōng). The name 孫そん悟ご空くう (Son Gokū) is simply the Japanese on'yomi rendering of 孫悟空 (Sūn Wùkōng), as Chinese and Japanese share the same characters but with different pronunciations. 孫 (Sūn)/孫そん (Son) is a common Chinese/Japanese surname that normally means "grandchild", while 悟空 (Wùkōng)/悟ご空くう (Gokū) is a common Buddhist name that means "perceiving air/awakened to emptiness". Reading "孫悟空" ("Sūn Wùkōng") via the first and final characters only through the Japanese kun'yomi rendering system makes it read out as "Mago Gosora", used at some point as a gag in the original manga's run by the World Tournament Announcer.

Goku was revealed a month before the Dragon Ball manga started, in postcards sent to members of the Akira Toriyama Preservation Society.[28]

Goku's first appearance was on the last page of "Grand Finale", the last chapter of the Dr. Slump manga, advertising Dragon Ball's upcoming debut.

Goku's Saiyan birth name, Kakarot, is a pun on "carrot". Goku's family, like most Saiyans, are all named after root vegetables (burdock, leek, radish, and carrot) or even the word "vegetable" itself.

While Goku is an overall good person, Akira Toriyama designed him as one who fights mostly for personal joy of challenging strong opponents. Regarding this, Toriyama notes that the anime tends to go overboard in making Goku look heroic, and that his original depiction of Goku in the manga has certain "poisonous" traits.[29][30]

The primary reason why Akira Toriyama created his Super Saiyan state with blond hair was so that his assistant would no longer have to spend so much time coloring Goku's hair black. Due to also having the effect of making Goku appear stronger, it killed two birds with one stone.[4]

Goku's Super Saiyan form was heavily influenced by the martial artist Bruce Lee. According to Toriyama, Goku's piercing eyes were based on Lee's paralyzing glare.[31] Dragon Ball Z anime character designer Tadayoshi Yamamuro also used Lee as a reference for Goku's Super Saiyan form, stating that when he "first becomes a Super Saiyan, his slanting pose with that scowling look in his eyes is all Bruce Lee."[32]

Appearance[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Goku as a child, an adult, Super Saiyan, and Super Saiyan 3
 		 	 
Goku is a handsome young man who looks very much like his father, possessing the same spiky black hairstyle, dark-colored eyes, and facial features. However, he has softer eyes, a kind demeanor, and a lighter-pale skin complexion from his mother. Goku's most distinguishing physical characteristic is his hair. He has three bangs hanging to the right of his forehead and two bangs hanging to the left. His hair also stands up in the front with four spikes and three bangs in the back (later in the anime, he has five spikes in the front and four in the back). Goku was born with the signature tail of the Universe 7 Saiyans, which was long and prehensile with brown fur. It was removed and regrown multiple times in his early childhood, but in his late teens, Goku's tail was permanently removed by Kami in order to restore the Moon without having to worry about his Great Ape transformation.

At age 12, Goku was rather short and appeared even younger than he was, being considered less than 10 years old (people were surprised when learning his actual age). His somewhat simple-minded personality also gave people the impression that he was as young as he looked. During the next few years, Goku did not go through any physical changes, other than his muscles becoming more pronounced. By age 15, he began showing noticeable increases in height. By age 18, he had a considerable growth spurt, growing taller than some of his friends and developing a well-built physique. He is also considered very handsome, as noted by various women including Bulma and Heles. His physical changes made him almost indistinguishable from before and he was only recognized by his signature naïve personality and "trademark" hairstyle. By age 24, Goku had another growth spurt, and became similar in height to his taller human allies and much more muscular.

Due to his love of training, he is most commonly seen wearing a Gi. Originally, Goku wore a blue gi secured with a white bow-tied obi over his waist, red wristbands, and dark blue kung fu shoes. He later wore a white tank top while training under Master Roshi. Following this, Goku wore the basic Turtle School Uniform, consisting of a red (later orange) gi secured by a black knot-tied obi over his waist, blue wristbands, and blue kung fu shoes. On the left chest and back there is a yellow patch with Roshi's kanji. After training with Kami and Mr. Popo, Goku wore a black short-sleeved undershirt (later dark blue) with this gi and replaced his shoes with dark blue boots with a yellow border and red laces. In Dragon Ball Z, the patches containing the Turtle School kanji became white. After training under King Kai, Goku wore King Kai's kanji on the back of his top. During the Frieza Saga, Goku wore his own kanji on both sides of his top. During the Cell and Buu Sagas, Goku wore a plainer version of this gi that lacked any kanji and featured a blue sash-style obi over his waist, as well as the same dark blue undershirt, same wristbands and the same boots from his previous gi, but with a red border and yellow/tan laces. He later retains this outfit throughout most of Dragon Ball Super, while also regaining his own kanji on both sides of his gi shirt.

During his early training under Whis, Goku wore an orange traditional and loose gi with Whis' kanji over the left breast, secured by a blue obi tied in a knot at the left of his waist. He also wore blue wristbands that cover nearly his entire forearms and blue boots with a black toe cap and heel that clasp together on the front of his shins. He returned to his original Gi with the "Go" symbol after the Universe 6 Saga.

In Dragon Ball Super: Broly, Goku returns to wearing a knot-style obi with his regular uniform with the kanji "Go" (悟) on the chest, essentially regaining his Frieza Saga appearance. His shoes were also rounder at the bottom and had gray soles. In addition, to compensate for the wintery climate he is on, he also wears a long blue snow jacket with a high turtleneck, white stripes down his shoulders and arms and bold purple letters of "SAB" over the front-left side of it. It also has black gloves. In the Galactic Patrol Prisoner Saga, Goku is given the emblem of the Galactic Patrol in place of his own on the front of his uniform and also switches back to wearing a sash-style obi. In the Granolah the Survivor Saga, Goku regains Whis' kanji on his standard gi when the angel trains him in honing Ultra Instinct.

Goku in the Prison Planet Saga

Goku's Grand Minister-style clothes

Goku's appearance in the Universe Creation Saga

1/3

When he appears in the Prison Planet Saga, Goku wears an outfit identical to the one Whis gave him, but instead with a Capsule Corp logo. He also wears a blue t-shirt underneath his gi. In the Universal Conflict Saga, he wears an outfit identical to the Grand Minister's. The attire consists of a dark blue long-sleeved shirt with an orange circle over the chest, with baggy shoulder pads that run beneath his red-colored belt with his kanji on the round belt-buckle. The shirt is complemented by a matching color pair of jodhpur-like pants, and white boots that run beneath his shins.

In the Universe Creation Saga, Goku's attire is the same from the previous arc, but this time, it has a lighter tone of orange, and his t-shirt, belt, wristbands, and the blue parts of his boots become black. Later on, in the New Space-Time War Saga, after being released from the Demon's Hyperbolic Time Chamber, Goku returns with Vegeta with the Dark Empire's logo imprinted on his gi.

By the 28th World Martial Arts Tournament, Goku wears a light blue tunic with a white knot-style obi, dark green pants, orange wristbands, orange leg wraps, and black kung fu shoes. In the cover of the "Goodbye, Dragon World" volume of the manga, this outfit's color is different. The gi is lime green, his wristbands are purple, his pants are cyan, and he wears the boots from his previous outfit, albeit purple.

Despite his fighting gi being his preferred look, Goku is not without other types of wardrobes, such as a suit and tie,[33] casual clothes like blue pants with a button-down red shirt, or an orange and black jacket with a white sleeveless undershirt, light green pants and brown shoes. When returning home to prepare for the androids, Goku wore an outfit similar to one from his youth, a white tank top with periwinkle Chinese pants with a white sash and purplish brown toe shoes and white socks. His farmer attire consists of light beige collared denim jacket with a white scarf around his neck and a charcoal gray short sleeved undershirt, light beige pants with a black belt around his waist and black boots. The sleeves on his jacket have been folded into white cuffs.

In Dragon Ball GT, Goku's skin tone got a noticeable tan. His general outfit is very similar to his outfit at the 28th World Martial Arts Tournament, being a blue tunic with a white knot-style obi, yellow pants, pink wristbands, white leg wraps, and black kung fu shoes. Due to the carelessness of Emperor Pilaf, Goku was wished back into a 12-year-old. While essentially looking the same as he did back then, Goku showed considerably more defined muscle. Later, with the aid of Old Kai, Goku regenerates his tail, which would poke out from his pants. 100 years later at the 64th World Martial Arts Tournament, despite growing back to his physical prime without transforming, he was still not seen with his tail. However, in one ending, he is seen with a tail in adult form. During which, he wears the outfit from the 28th World Martial Arts Tournament. He also wears his Power Pole again.

When restored to adulthood, GT Goku appears in the Adventure Mode of Extreme Butōden, and he wears his classic outfit from Dragon Ball Super. In Dragon Ball Minus: The Departure of the Fated Child, an infant Goku was seen wearing a standard Battle Armor of the Frieza Force when being sent to Earth. It is the standard model of armor worn by Saiyans at the time, consisting of a black chest piece with white accents and beige panels on the stomach and lower back, plus beige shoulder and hip guards. In addition, he had bright blue shorts, black arm and leg bracers with white edges and white boots with a striped, beige toe cap and a gray sole.

Personality[]

"Despite all my heinous provocations on Namek, Goku couldn't will himself to destroy me. He's a noble man of great moral clarity. So pure, he makes me want to vomit!"

— Frieza's description of Goku's nature in Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ‘F’

	

Originally, as an infant Saiyan, Goku was very timid, constantly crying for attention. Goku was then programmed with intense hostility to carry out his mission of eradicating all sentient life on Earth. When found by Grandpa Gohan, he was unruly, savage, and aggressive, wanting nothing to do with the elder. However, after the head injury that caused him to lose his instinctual aggression, Goku became well-known for the energetic, kindhearted, pure heart and caring personality traits he inherited from his mother Gine. He was taught to be compassionate and respectful to others by Grandpa Gohan. He takes most situations in stride; he rarely lets things get him worked up; he quickly got over losing his tail each time. However, he is not without fear. Goku is shown to be submissive to overbearing women like Bulma and Chi-Chi, even to the point of Master Roshi jokingly declaring that for all his immense power, he is terrified of his wife. In the anime, he also has a crippling fear of needles. He is not beyond feeling sorrow, most noticeably seen from the loss of his grandfather. In the Dragon Ball Super manga, he is not above feeling shame, as he regrets his lack of maturity as a person despite all the teachers who have helped him and likewise wants to make his loved ones proud of him. He also shows genuine concern for the well-being of those close to him. When Master Roshi seemingly died against Ganos, Goku frantically rushed to his aid, desperate to save his mentor and shed tears of joy when he managed to revive him.

He is well noted for his love of any food, having a sizeable appetite even by Saiyan standards,[4] which can be comical at times. When hypnotized while facing "Jackie Chun", Bulma told Goku dinner was ready, instantly waking him up.[34] Like most Saiyans, Goku loves combat and challenging strong opponents. As such, Goku rarely shows nervousness or fear when fighting. While not arrogant in his abilities (especially compared to Vegeta), Goku has a tendency to be too relaxed and recklessly challenge anyone he views as strong to a fight. Despite his fighting spirit, he is, at heart, a pacifist, as he often spares his enemies, trying to avoid hurting or even killing people if possible and never using more strength than necessary.[35][36] He also strongly believes that people can change for the better, as he spared Piccolo and Vegeta in their respective fights, despite the former wanting to kill him and the latter killing most of Goku's allies. This, combined with his naturally gentle nature, can lead to him letting his guard down.

Goku is pure of heart, possessing no negative feelings or thoughts. He is highly loyal to his friends and family and is extremely protective of them as a result. He loves them so much that he is willing to sacrifice himself to save others as he did against Raditz and Cell. He strongly believes in repaying debts, as he gave the then-evil Vegeta a Senzu Bean for technically saving Gohan and Krillin from the Ginyu Force. He is a man of his word, committed to keeping his promise no matter what; two prime examples being the resurrection of Bora and giving the Omni-King a friend even more fun than himself. He has a very practical and carefree view of life, and his goals are very simple; he only seeks new adventures and challenges like testing his limits as a warrior. He has no interest in luxury or high-ranking positions, as he rejected Kami's offer to become Guardian of Earth and, likewise, Whis' offer to become the next Universe 7th's God of Destruction, though the latter was mainly due to his morality making him unsuitable for it. At the same time, he shows such unwavering will and tenacity to succeed, always determined to never give up against any adversity.[36]

Goku has been noted several times to have a special effect on people. His genuine compassion for others and love of life in its most simple nature are capable of inspiring them to change somewhat for the better, even causing several of his enemies to become his allies. He convinced the amoral and self-absorbed God of Destruction Beerus that Earth was worth keeping around. He made the reserved assassin Hit smile in genuine happiness, viewing Goku as an equal. He piqued the interest and became a friend of Grand Zeno, the most powerful being in the multiverse, due to his similar childlike, innocent personality. He made the immensely independent Jiren acknowledge Goku's view of companionship and sought to learn from Goku's example. He even made the spiteful and sadistically greedy Frieza come to truly respect Goku, despite his long-standing hatred of the Saiyan after their brief alliance. His mindful generosity and helpfulness earned Broly's trust, as Goku knows that the latter was forced to become his enemy, which Broly genuinely accepted as not only as a fellow Saiyan, but also his mentor for controlling his power. His passion to help people even inspired Merus, a Guide Angel, to willingly violate Angel Law and directly engage against evil with his true divine powers, knowing the penalty of it.

He has shown such innocence since childhood, mainly because of spending most of his childhood on Mount Paozu in isolation, apart from the first few years of his life with his grandfather and spending his adolescence traveling the world to sharpen his combat skills. This lack of social experience and proper education growing up (apart from the basic education from Master Roshi) left him rather ignorant in many things outside of battle and led to little development in emotional maturity. During his childhood, he originally had difficulty telling the difference between a male and a female without physically touching them, which often got him in trouble.[37]

His lack of emotional maturity has also left him somewhat naïve, which often leads many to incorrectly assume him to be somewhat stupid. His direct and carefree approach, combined with often taking things to face-value, can lead to Goku being rather blunt as he expresses himself. Despite this, Goku is remarkably effective at applying himself once properly motivated, able to quickly comprehend the situation and likewise learn the basics of anything presented to him, if not master it. When taking a firsthand experience, Goku is shown to be incredibly perceptive and intuitive, quickly able to analyze the situation and formulate an effective countermeasure. Very methodical and tactical in his approach, he immediately saw through the limits of higher grades of Super Saiyan even without having tested them in battle and chose to instead refine his normal Super Saiyan form, impressing even his rival Vegeta at the crafty and innovative idea.

He has a remarkable intuition to see the good in others in spite of their actions, though his compassion and willingness to forgive has often been criticized as excessive even to a fault and has led to harm and death to those he cares about in extreme occasions. At the same time, for all his morally driven nature, Goku can show animosity towards those he believes have earned it, such as Mercenary Tao and Frieza for killing Bora and Krillin respectively, a trait he seemed to inherit from his father Bardock. Overall, Goku only kills his enemies when he feels it is necessary or if they are beyond redemption. While viewed by many as a very honorable man of heroic nature, he openly never actually considers himself a savior, but rather simply refuses to let innocent people or animals get hurt, as his adoptive grandfather taught him. He openly prefers to reform enemies on the grounds that it will be more exciting to clash with them in the future that way. Ultimately, this is one of his greatest drives in life, constantly pushing him beyond his limits. Whenever his friends are threatened or harmed, Goku abandons nearly all mercy for the foe, as the mortal wound to Piccolo and the loss of his best friend Krillin against Frieza allowed Goku to unleash Super Saiyan on the tyrant. This is also seen when Jiren tried to kill all of Goku's friends, Goku fiercely attacked him with rage. However, his philosophy of turning enemies into allies has sometimes clouded Goku's discernment in recognizing that certain opponents of his are unable to change or have any change in his way of thinking, best exemplified by his final confrontation with Moro, where his attempts to make the warlock repent for his atrocities after dominating him not only allowed him to strengthen himself further and put the entire galaxy at risk after the latter merged with Earth, which made Goku visibly desperate for realizing that his complacency ended up putting everything to lose.

Another problem stemming from his lack of proper education, Goku had little understanding of adult responsibilities. As a result, he spent most of his marriage without a job, instead being supported by his prize-winnings from the World Martial Arts Tournaments and the Ox-King's wealth. This limited education also was seen from his struggle in the written test for the Tournament of Destroyers. Overall, both his children have shown a better understanding of general matters as Chi-Chi ensured that Gohan and Goten had a well-educated background. While Chi-Chi later made Goku take up a job as a farmer, Goku is regularly shown with little interest in it, often looking for excuses to get out of work to train instead. This mostly stems from his Saiyan nature, instinctively desiring combative challenges.

Goku has little modesty and is not at all concerned about public nudity (though he later came to have a better appreciation for it). His simple nature rarely exhibits lustful feelings and thus little interest in women (with the exception of his wife). As a result, seduction tactics have no effect on him. While he is not normally reckless, he occasionally makes decisions without properly thinking them through, such as when he went to discuss the Tournament of Power with the Omni-Kings despite Beerus warning him of the potential consequences of meeting with the amoral supreme rulers. While technically considerate in nature and never intentionally rude, Goku tends to not show proper respect to people of high authority; the most notable example being his casual interactions with the Omni-Kings and the Grand Minister (even though they do not mind), much to the shock and disgust of numerous Gods and Kais. Goku can be insensitive at times, as shown by his willingness to promise Old Kai naked photos of Bulma, without consideration for either Bulma or her husband Vegeta (though he rationalized it as for the sake of Earth's survival to enlist Old Kai's aid).

He enjoys meeting new people and learning about/from them. Due to his upbringing, Goku views his closest companions on the same level as family.[38] He is rarely seen being romantic or intimate with Chi-Chi and mainly married her because he promised, although once learning marriage means living with someone forever, he openly liked the idea with Chi-Chi. He has openly stated that he loves Chi-Chi, citing her feistiness and passion as traits endearing to him. Chi-Chi was also the first person he saw in a vision that pushed him to overcome a terrifying attack from Beerus during the events of Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods. He will often leave his family for long periods, and though normally for noble reasons, such as maintaining his strength for their safety and the protection of the world, Goku does not realize its negative effect on his family and friends. Despite this, he consistently expresses his appreciation for his family, as after completing his training in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber to face Cell, he chose to spend the remaining time with his family rather than training more. Goku desires for his children to follow in his footsteps as a fighter, but he is generally accepting of their choices in lifestyle so long as they are happy and healthy. Overall, his love for his family has been a constant boost to his performance in battle. Also, Goku was very happy to learn he was going to be a grandfather, and he later enjoyed taking care of his baby granddaughter Pan and grew very concerned when she disappeared. Given his love for his family (being supportive of their goals and even sacrificing himself twice to save Gohan), against Goku Black, when learning that the rogue god murdered his family in spite of their initial encounter, despite it only happening in the original timeline, Goku's righteous rage let him pummel Black and Future Zamasu simultaneously.

Goku's love for his adoptive grandfather has constantly been the most emotional and influential aspect of his life, even long after the old man's death, and as shown by Goku's reaction to each time they met again in Gohan's afterlife. Even after learning, they were not blood-related or even the same race, Goku still considers the old man his family, as shown by his great sorrow and shame when realizing that he killed the kind man as a Great Ape, apologizing deeply to him and hoping for forgiveness when next they meet. Goku's bond towards his grandfather made him cherish the Power Pole and the 4-Star Dragon Ball that he left his grandson behind as the only material objects of real worth to him. As a child, he even came to believe that the Dragon Ball housed the old man's spirit as he would speak it often, possibly as a coping mechanism to deal with his loss of his only known family. Goku was happy to meet all who were close to his grandfather and even delighted when his firstborn son reacted positively to being named after the elder.

While considering himself an Earthling more than Saiyan, in battle, he tends to think more like a typical Universe 7 Saiyan. Once a fight begins, he desires to see it through to the end to truly determine who is the winner. Even while battling Frieza on the self-destructing Planet Namek, he chose to finish his fight with Frieza even when offered the chance to escape through the Namekian Dragon Balls, believing that Frieza had to be defeated by his hand rather than random chance. He is also dissatisfied when foes do not use their full might. While valuing his friends' loyalty and willingness to accept help when the need comes, he prefers to face his challenges solo, determined to prove his might against the given foe. He openly showed dislike at originally acquiring Super Saiyan God through the aid of others rather than by his own merit. At the same time, he admits that the true growth of his being came from the support and connection he gained from others. His warrior mentality can be reckless at times. Against Cell, Goku chose to focus the majority of his efforts training Gohan in the goal of unlocking his son's dormant capacities to defeat Cell, forgetting that Gohan was even gentler than him. Likewise, for an unrestricted fight against Hit, Goku willingly risked his life by hiring Hit to kill him to fight him at his best. Goku is also willing to recruit help from his greatest of enemies like Frieza as he needed a strong tenth ally for the Tournament of Power though he himself acknowledged that it was a risky move and Vegeta noted that Goku wouldn't have done it under normal circumstances as the universes were at stake.

At the same time, however, this ambition for the new generations stems from his humble concern that his friends and family have become too dependent on his might. He rationalizes his willingness to put the children in the spotlight of battle because he will not always be around to help. He believes that the new generation needs to become stronger in order to protect the Earth from future threats. However, he is not without a personal goal behind it. Realizing the potential might of people like Gohan and Uub, he is excited by the idea of facing such might once realized. At the same time, Goku tries to keep people away from the battlefield if he feels it will be too dangerous for them as he did during the battle against the resurrected Frieza, Goku ordering Goten and Trunks to leave the battlefield to avoid the tyrant's brutality with Vegeta and Bulma agreeing.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Grandpa Gohan and the pre-head injury Kakarot/Goku in Dragon Ball Minus
 		 	 
In Dragon Ball Minus: The Departure of the Fated Child, the three-year-old Kakarot is sent to Earth by his parents due to Bardock's keen intuition, suspecting that Frieza is planning to destroy the Saiyans due to his recent orders to return to Planet Vegeta and his men asking about legends regarding the Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan God. Upon reaching Earth, Kakarot encounters the Elder Gohan who after fighting with the child off panel brings him home where the Elder Gohan is able to placate the boy with food. The young Kakarot can be seen standing upon the table in Grandpa Gohan's House eating food with Grandpa Gohan commenting on his lack of manners as he refuses to sit in a nearby chair as he eats, before deciding to name the boy Son Goku (presumably due to Kakarot's either inability to speak or his refusal to speak). While Kakarot/Goku behaves in a primitive manner and has no table manners, he is not as wild as Master Roshi's comments upon his early life with Grandpa Gohan, though it should be noted that the scene in Dragon Ball Minus is very brief and it doesn't contradict the original Dragon Ball manga as there is no accompanying flashbacks of the young Goku's childhood like in the anime (and Master Roshi was simply relaying second hand information he heard from Grandpa Gohan, stating that young pre-head injury Goku was a wild and untamed child, which fits with his depiction in Dragon Ball Minus). During the Granolah the Survivor Saga, Goku finally learns about his father Bardock thanks to Monaito revealing how the low class Saiyan saved Granolah and Monaito during the Cerealian genocide and attempted to save Granolah's mother Muezli though she was unfortunately murdered by the Heeter Elec. Vegeta confirms Bardock is the name of Goku's (and by extension Raditz's) biological father and after hearing the story notes that from his perspective, Goku seemed to have inherited his soft heartedness from his parents, given it was Bardock's love for his wife and youngest son that caused him to rescue Granolah and his mother instead of exterminating them like he was supposed to as a Saiyan Army soldier. It is also revealed that Bardock fought and defeated the Heeter Gas in his Inner Nature Unleashed form. Gas himself also lamented that Goku lacks his father's grit and determination which Gas apparently respected.

"My dad?! M-My dad is training you? What's he like? Is he nice? Is he...is he mean? I've never met my dad before, so I was really surprised when you told me he's training you! Maybe I should go meet him... Ooh, I should bring Gohan!"

— Goku to Future Warrior in Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2

	

Goku had very little knowledge of his biological family since he was too young to remember his parents and had never learned the good traits of them. His opinion on his Saiyan heritage kept varying through the course of Dragon Ball Z. Furthermore, when Goku first discovered his Saiyan heritage, he rejected it out of horror and disgust at being from a race of vicious killers, though he started to embrace his heritage after Vegeta's speech against Frieza on Namek had inspired him to avenge the loss of all those killed by Frieza, including his Saiyan race. After his first time transforming into a Super Saiyan, Goku seemed to have ultimately embraced his Saiyan heritage, while proclaiming himself to be the "Super Saiyan of legend" from the ancient Saiyan myths in order to frighten Frieza. Despite this, Goku has preferred to go by his Earthling name, although he has made Vegeta an exception because he knew that Vegeta would never change his mind on that, and also because the two are Saiyans like him. By Dragon Ball Super: Broly, Goku has embraced his Saiyan heritage enough that he was willing to tell Broly his Saiyan name and requested that Broly refer to him as it. During the Granolah the Survivor Saga, upon learning about the noble side of his father, Goku became noticeably more intrigued to hear about him. Upon hearing a recording of Bardock's voice, Goku began to remember more about his parents and how they loved him so much to risk their lives to save him. In Xenoverse 2, despite his extreme hatred for his evil brother, he showed an interest in learning more about his parents. When learning that the Future Warrior is training under his father, Goku showed an interest in meeting him, even bringing his family.

Goku's most unique relationship is with the Saiyan prince Vegeta. Their rivalry is mostly one-sided as Goku is generally friendly towards Vegeta and recognizes his abilities as a fighter, although Goku does get competitive with Vegeta as seen from learning that Vegeta left without him to train under Whis. While Goku and Vegeta have trouble working together, due to their conflicting personalities and Vegeta's continued desire to best Goku, they both respect and motivate each other to grow stronger, ultimately becoming close and loyal friends outside their competitive nature. Also, Goku is not above teasing him and tends to admonish Vegeta's brutality towards enemies, as shown when he criticizes Vegeta for killing the Ginyu Force while they're incapacitated and defenseless.

In Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot, during the wait for the Cell Games after finding out Gohan is staying over at Capsule Corporation after helping the repaired Android 16, Chi-Chi notes that since Bulma is loaded, she bets he is enjoying quite the spread of food and asks Goku if he's jealous. Goku's response is that while he loves good grub, to him nothing tastes as good as her home-cooked meals, causing Chi-Chi to feel both flattered and slightly embarrassed. This shows that he does indeed appreciate all the work she puts in cooking his meals.

References[]

↑ “未来”トランクス編　歴史年表公開！ (Japanese). toei-anim.co.jp.

↑ J-Stars Victory Vs, 2013

↑ Dragon Ball Z 2 Super Power Guide

↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 Dragon Ball: Super Exciting Guide, 2009

↑ Daizenshuu 7, 1996

↑ Jaco the Galactic Patrolman chapter 12, "Dragon Ball Minus: The Departure of the Fated Child"

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 204, "The Needs of the Many"

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 412, "The End of the Cell Game"

↑ Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, 2016

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 71, "Goku Dies! An Assassination That Must Be Executed!"

↑ Dragon Ball Super: Broly, 2018

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 200, "Gohan Goes to High School"

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 30, "Milk Run"

↑ Dragon Ball episode 17, "Milk Delivery"

↑ Goku's Fire Brigade, 1988

↑ Dragon Ball: The Return of Son Goku and Friends!, 2008

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 69, Goku vs. Arale! An Off-the-Wall Battle Spells the End of the Earth?

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai, 2006

↑ 19.0 19.1 Super Dragon Ball Heroes: World Mission, 2019

↑ Dragon Ball Online, 2010

↑ Universal Conflict Saga

↑ Nekomajin, 1999

↑ As seen in all of Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, Dragon Ball Super, and Dragon Ball GT, noted by Piccolo in Dragon Ball Z episode 237, "Final Atonement"

↑ Akira Toriyama × Katsuyoshi Nakatsuru.. TV Anime Guide: Dragon Ball Z Son Goku Densetsu. Shueisha. 2003. ISBN 4088735463.

↑ The Dragon Ball Z Legend: The Quest Continues.. DH Publishing Inc. 2004. p. 7. ISBN 9780972312493.

↑ Kobayashi, Kendō (March 24, 2013). "『漫道コバヤシ』～映画「ドラゴンボールZ神と神」公開記念！出でよ神龍！！鳥山明先生、アンケート答えておくれーーーっ！！！！！SP～" (A Public Movie Celebration For “Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods”! Come forth, Shenlong! Akira Toriyama-sensei, Answers Our Questionnaire!!!! Special).. Mandō Kobayashi. Episode 2 (in Japanese). Fuji TV One Two Next. "If it were back when Jackie Chan was still young, I suppose I would have thought nobody could play Goku but him."

↑ 27.0 27.1 Daizenshuu 2, 1995

↑ Herms' tweet on Goku's reveal. twitter (January 15, 2018).

↑ Interview Translations Akira Toriyama Special Talks. kanzenshuu (March 27, 2015).

↑ Wired Japan 1997 Akira Toriyama interview. kanzenshuu.

↑ Comic Legends: Why Did Goku's Hair Turn Blonde?. Comic Book Resources (1 January 2018).

↑ Dragon Ball Back Then Vol. 2: Interview with Dragon Ball Z character designer Tadayoshi Yamamuro., Dragon Ball Anime Illustration Collection: The Golden Warrior (April 21, 2010, pp. 50–1)

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Broly - The Legendary Super Saiyan, 1993

↑ Dragon Ball episode 27, "Number One Under the Moon?"

↑ Dragon Ball episode 64, "The Last of Mercenary Tao"

↑ 36.0 36.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 280, "Vegeta's Respect"

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 1, "Bloomers and the Monkey King"

↑ Episode Bardock Akira Toriyama Super QA. Kanzenshuu.

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eDragon Team	
	
Members	Goku (Xeno) • Yamcha • Krillin • Master Roshi • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu • Yajirobe • Piccolo • Gohan (Xeno) • Vegeta (Xeno) • Trunks • Goten (Xeno) • Android 18 • Good Buu (Grand Supreme Kai) • Android 17 • Pan (Xeno) • Uub • Goku Jr.
	
	
Supporters	Bulma • Oolong • Puar • Chi-Chi • Ox-King • Launch • Turtle • World Tournament Announcer • Dr. Brief • Bikini • Scratch • Korin • Fortuneteller Baba • Kami • Mr. Popo • King Yemma • King Kai • Bubbles • Gregory • Dende • Moori • Marron • Pybara • Shin • Kibito • Kibito Kai • Mr. Satan • Videl • Bee • Old Kai • Tarble • Gure • Beerus • Whis • Tights • Jaco • Galactic King • Merus • Calamis • Irico • Esca • Monaka • Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu • Cabba • Gowasu • Zeno • Bulla • Giru • Valese
	
	
Allies	Nam • Suno • Android 8 • Arale Norimaki • Gatchan • Senbei Norimaki • Turbo Norimaki • Bora • Upa • Grandpa Gohan • King Furry • Annin • Hero • Pansy • Kooky Cook • Melone • Grand Elder Guru • Nail • Necke • Maima • Tsumuri • Icarus • Maron • Vomi • Android 16 • Olibu • West Kai • South Kai • East Kai • Grand Kai • Pikkon • Erasa • Tapion • Glorio • Panzy • Kadan • Neva • Majin Kuu • Hit • Reality Machine #2 • Cocoa Amaguri • Yurin • Cell Jr. • Broly • Cheelai • Lemo • Granolah • Monaito • Oatmeel • Dr. Hedo • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Bardock (Xeno) • Neko Majin Z • Leena • Doma • Bon Para • Son Para • Don Para • Ledgic • Unnamed Alien Boy • Sugoro • Shusugoro • Nuova Shenron • Puck • Chronoa • Tokitoki • Jiren • Putine • Salsa • Hearts • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Bardock (Xeno) • Beat • Note • Froze • Kagyu • Kabra • Zen • Chamel • Nim • Fen • Wairu • Mecha Goku • Android 21 (Good)
	
	
Future Counterparts	
Members	Future Trunks (Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Future Gohan (Cell) • Future Goku (Cell) • Future Vegeta (Cell) • Future Piccolo (Cell) • Future Krillin (Cell) • Future Yamcha • Future Tien Shinhan (Cell) • Future Chiaotzu • Future Yajirobe
	
	
Supporters & Allies	Future Android 8 • Future Bulma • Future Chi-Chi • Future Master Roshi • Future Puar • Future Turtle • Future Oolong • Future Ox-King • Future Dr. Brief • Future Scratch • Future King Yemma • Future Dende • Future King Kai • Future Korin • Future Kami • Future Shin • Future Kibito • Future Mai • Future Old Kai • Future Mr. Satan • Future Good Buu • Future Nail • Future Pikkon • Future Bardock • Haru • Maki • Future Zeno
	

	
	
Fused Members	
Fusion Dance	Future Gohanks (Xeno) • Gogeta (Future • Xeno) • Gotenks (Xeno) • Prilin • Tiencha
	
	
Potara	Android 35 • Den-Goku • Gokule • Kibito Kai • Old Kai (Future) • Xeno Vegeks • Vegito (Xeno)
	
	
EX-Fusion	Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Arale 18 • Barlot • Bulpan • Chiaohan • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coohan • EX Gogeta • EX Gohanks • EX Gotenks • EX Prilin • EX Trunks • EX Yamhan • Gorillin • Gorus • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Ginyuman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Kibeer Kai • Kibicollo Kai • Krigohan • Majin Satan • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Picohan • Pinita • Tanks • Towale • Vegenks • Yamta
	

	
	
Related Articles	
Affiliated Groups	Brief family • Son family •  Turtle School (New Turtle School) • West City Fire Brigade • Dragon Clan • Kadan Force •  Para Brothers • Galactic Patrol • Team Universe 7 • Pilaf Gang • Earth's Police • Earth's Military (Earth's Resistance) • Tien-Shin Style Dojo (New Crane School) • MIR • Kikoukenjutsu Sword School • Pan Fighting Network • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light) • Vegeta Sky Pirates
	
	
Bases	Mount Paozu (Goku's House • Grandpa Gohan's House) • Gohan's House • Kame House • Capsule Corporation • Korin Tower • Krillin's House • The Lookout (Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Pendulum Room) • King Kai's Planet • Piccolo's House • Planet Yardrat • Satan House • Sacred World of the Kai • Beerus' Planet • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Time Nest
	

	

v · d · eSaiyans	
	
Pure-blooded Saiyans	Amepai • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Beets • Binas • Borgos • Broly (Future • Super) • Bukha • Captain Ginyu • Chokly • Cissito • Cumber • Fasha • Garatz • Giblet • Gine • Goku (Future • Cell • DBE • Kakarot • Xeno) • Goku Black (Crimson-Masked Saiyan) • Jagamo • Kiclee • King Vegeta (Xeno) • King Vegeta's Majordomo • Leek • Lisee • Moroko • Nappa (Cell) • Narmis • Nazz • Nion • Nira • Onio • Paprika • Paragus (Super) • Pinich • Prika • Queen of the Saiyans • Quillin • Racyoh • Raditz • Rakyo • Rhubub • Ruccola • Sage • Scarface • Saimo • Sesamy • Shallot • Shorty • Shito • Shugesh • Skwash • Soga • Sorama • Stabba • Super Saiyan God • Tarble • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno) • Tyber • Vasabi • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yamoshi • Zaripai • Zemma • Zysa
	
	
Hybrid Saiyans	Akina • Basaku • Beat • Bio-Broly • Bulla • Bulma Leigh • Captain Ginyu • Dark Gogeta • Duplicate Vegeta • Erito • Forte • Fused Zamasu/Infinite Zamasu (Goku Black • Future Zamasu) • Gohan (Future • Cell • Xeno • Future Warrior in Black) • Goku Jr. • Goku's Doll • Goten (Xeno) • Janemba's Majin Vegeta • Mint • Mizore • Nenjo • Note • Shalot • Trunks (Future • Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Pan (Xeno) • Vegeta Jr. • Viola
	
	
Universe 6 Saiyans	Cabba • Caulifla • Kale • King Sadala • Renso
	
	
Saiyan fusions	Android Biwala 33 • Android Gowry 33 • Android Leganon 33 • Android Huki 44 • Android Vasabi 55 • Android Bukha 76 • Barlot • Bukwash • Bulpan • Coohan • Den-Goku • EX Trunks • Failed Fusions • Fuber • Fused Zamasu • Garash • Ginyuman • God Fusion Goku • Gohanks (EX • Future • Xeno) • Gogeta (EX • Future • Xeno) • Gokule • Gomas • Gorilin • Gorus • Gotenks (EX • Xeno) • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Karoly Black • Kefla • Krigohan • Liseemis • Minlee • Mirara • Natz • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Pinita • Piratz • Rappa • Shallet • Tanks • Towane • Turtz • Ultra Fusion • Ultra Pinich • Vegenks • Vegito (Xeno) • Xeno Vegeks • Yamta
	
	
Ordinary transformations	
Great Ape (Kili Enhanced • Wrathful • Oozaru (DBE))
	
	
Super Saiyan (Pseudo • Powerhouse (Second Grade • Third Grade) • Full Power • Partial • Berserk • Broly-type (A-type • C-type • Legendary)
	
	
Super Saiyan 2 (Legendary • Enraged • Rage)
	
	
Super Saiyan 3 (Legendary • Full Power • Xeno-Evolution)
	
	
Super Saiyan God (Saiyan beyond God) • God Broly
	
	
Rampaging
	
	
Evil Saiyan
	

	
	
Hybrid transformations	
Spirit Bomb Super Saiyan
	
	
Super Kaio-ken
	
	
Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan (Blue • Kaio-ken • Perfected • Evolved • Barrier • Berserk • Berserk Controlled • Universe Tree Power) •
 (Rosé • Rosé 2 • Rosé 3 • Rosé Full Power)
	
	
Golden Great Ape (Legendary)
	
	
Super Saiyan 4 (Full Power • Full Power Limit Breaker • Kaio-ken)
	
	
Tuffleization (Strongest Form 1 • Strongest Form 2 • Golden Great Ape)
	
	
Dark Super Saiyan God • Dark Ki: Unleashed
	

	
	
Other transformations	Power Pole Pro • Kaio-ken • Unlock Potential (Manipulation Sorcery (King of Destruction)) • Culture Fluid Absorption Gigantification • Ultimate (Beast) • Candy Vegito • Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement • Dark Evolution • Dark Ki • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain) (Ultra) • Giant Form • Hi-Tension • Shenron Mode • Ultra Instinct Sign (True • Perfected) • Ultra Ego • Goku's Change • Xeno-Evolution • Transcended
	
	
Squadrons	Saiyan Army (King Vegeta's Elite • Team Bardock • Phantom Saiyans) • Dark Empire (Universe Creation Planners) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force • Galactic Patrol • Mastermind's group • New Saiyan Empire • Sadala Army • Team 5 • Team Universe 6 • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Hero Society • Nutz Gang • Romance Rangers • Taino Force • Warriors of Light) • Turles Crusher Corps
	
	
Wars & Conflicts	Saiyan-Tuffle war • Genocide of Cereal • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek war • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Zeno Expo • Tournament of Power
	
	
Related Articles	Ahms • Android 21 (Good • Evil) • Attack Ball • Bardock's Spaceship • Battle Armor • Blutz Waves (Blutz Wave Generator) • Broly Control Mechanism • Broly's Ring • Capsule Corporation Spaceship • Cell (Present • Future • New • Xeno • Cells) • Cell Jr. • Clones • Commeson • Culture Fluid • Flying Nimbus • Frieza Force • Fu • God-to-Blue • Heart Virus (Heart Medicine) • Heeter • Honey • House of Vegeta • Legendary Super Saiyan (disambiguation) • Mecha Goku • New Planet Vegeta • Paragus' Spaceship • Planet Vegeta (Bardock's Village (Bardock's House) • Vegeta's Palace) • Power Pole • Ray Gun • Restraint Jacket • S-Cells • Sadala • Saibamen • Saiya Power • Saiyan Power • Scout-Scope • Scouter • Son family • Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) • Super Saiyan God (race) • Time Breaker Mind Control (Anti-Blutz Wave Masks) • Tree of Might (Fruit of the Tree of Might) • Troublemaker Education
	

v · d · eFrieza Force	
	
Leaders	Chilled • Frieza Race Conton City Hero • King Cold (Future • Cell) • Frieza (Future • Cell • Xeno • Team 4) • Frost • Frieza's Honor Guard (Captain Wata • Rigll)
		
	
Sub-leaders	Captain Ginyu • Cooler (Meta • Future) • Froze • Garana • Sorbet • Tagoma • Kuriza • Frieza's Honor Guard (Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Toki Toki City Hero)
	
	
Executives and elite soldiers	Abo • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bonyu • Broly • Burter • Chidoru • Cui • Dodoria • Dore • Fry • General Sus • Guldo • Jeice • Kabosu • Kado • Majuub • Neiz • Onio • Payer • Recoome • Salza • Shisami • Tack • Tick • Tobi • Tock • King Vegeta (Xeno) • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yūzu • Zarbon
	
	
Mid-level soldiers	Appule • Cabira • Caluppa • Cranbo • Daigen • Fargo • Gonma • King Vegeta's Elite • Nappa (Cell) • Napple • Paragus (Super) • Raditz • Unnamed Captain • Officer
	
	
Low-level soldiers	Combatants • Cranberry • Cyclopian Guards • Three Planet Frieza #79 soldiers • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Blueberry • Borgos • Cheelai • Fasha • Fisshi • Frieza Soldiers • Frog-Face • Guprei • Iru • Kakarot (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Krumbo • Leek • Mei • Melone • Monre • Nabana • Namole • Navel • Orlen • Raspberry • Robery • Scarface • Shorty • Shugesh • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno)
	
	
Non-combatants	Beets • Berryblue • Kikono • Lemo • Macki • Nion • Oil • Gichamu • Gine • Guide Robo • Frieza Force medics • Malaka • Planthorr • Moroko • Shito
	
	
Fused members	Aka • Burce • Celluza • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coolieza • Dodobon • Ginyuman • Ginyuza • Gulce • Meta-Cooler Core • Natz • Rappa • Recurter • Reguldo • Saibaking • Ultimate Ultra Fusion • Ultra Fusion (Ginyu Force)
	
	
Squadrons	Cooler Force (Cooler's Armored Squadron • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dried Fruitz • Team Dodoria • Frieza's Elite (Ginyu Force • Frieza's Honor Guard) • Namek Invasion Task Force • Frieza's Subordinates • Galaxy Soldiers • Third Stellar Region • Frieza Soldiers • New Frieza Army • New Gadget Super Lovers • Saiyan Army (Team Bardock • King Vegeta's Elite • Phantom Saiyans) • Team 5 • Team Zarbon
	
	
Races controlled	Aka's race • Ankoku-seijin • Appule's race • Arcosians • Arlians • Boulean • Beppa-seijin • Blueberry's race • Bowlean • Brench-seijin • Burter's race • Buonean • Cabira's race • Cranberry's race • Cui's race • Dodoria's race • Earthlings • Fishman • Frieza Clan • Frieza Soldier race • Frog-Face's race • Ginyu's race • Hera Clan • Inhabitants of Plant • Iru's race • Jiggler • Kanassan • Kettlean • Ledgic's race • Litts • Malaka's race • Majins • Mixxileean • Namekians • Namekian Frogs • Recoome's race • Rejinean • Saibamen • Saiyans • Serpent • Sinkleean • Slug-jin  • Sui's race • Toasterean • Tobi's race • Vewonean • Yardrat • Zalt-seijin • Zarbon's race
	
	
Planets	Arcose • Bas • Big Gete Star • Cereal • Cooler No. 6 • Cooler's Unnamed Planet • Frieza No. 17 • Frieza No. 79 • Cooler No. 98 • Cooler No. 256 • Frieza No. 448 • Frieza's Training Planet • Kanassa • King Cold's planet • Litt • Meat • Shikk • Tritek • Vegeta • Zeshin and Bun's planet
	
	
Motherships	Bardock's Spaceship • Chilled's Spaceship • Cooler's Spaceship • Frieza's Spaceship • Garana's Spaceship • King Cold's Spaceship • Transport Ship
	
	
Technology	Attack Ball • Battle Armor • Cosmic Suit • Drones (Assist Drone • Attack Drone • Recovery Drone) • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Galactic Arena • Grenade • Hovercar • Hover Pod • Kiri Charging Machine • Laser Sword • Medical Machines • Metamo-Ring • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher (Frieza's Rocket Launcher) • Saibamen Set • Scouter
	
	
Operations and Wars	Attack on Planet Plant • Occupation of Planet Vegeta • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek conflict • Attack on Zeshin and Bun's planet • Attack on Gure's planet • Attacks on Earth • Fight on Planet Frieza 448 • Broly conflict • Frieza's Siege • Tournament of Time
	
	
Allies & Affiliated Groups	Beerus • Cells (Cell • Cell Jr.) • Dragon Ball Heroes (Froze) • Dark Empire • Dark Namekians (First Narak) • Frieza Clan • Heeter • Mastermind's group (Mastermind • Giblet) • Pilaf Gang (Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army) • Team Beerus (Shallot) • Team Universe 7 • Time Patrol • Whis
	
	
Related	Kili • Pol • Vegeta's Palace
	

v · d · eWorld Martial Arts Tournament	
	
Staff	World Tournament Chairman • World Tournament Announcer (Future)
		
	
Contestants	
Pre-21st Tournament Debut	King Chappa • Spike the Devil Man
	
	
21st Tournament Debut	Bacterian • Fighter 40 • Fighter 69 • Fighter 83 • Fighter 97 • Great Lee • Bullies of the Orin Temple • Giran • Goku (Future • Cell) • Jackie Chun (Master Roshi) (Future) • Krillin (Future • Cell) • Nam • Ranfan • Yamcha (Future)
	
	
22nd Tournament Debut	Antoine the Great • Archdemon • Chiaotzu (Future) • Cyclops • Man-Wolf • Mohawked Fighter • Orc • Pamput • Saber tiger • Shaman • Sumo Wrestler • Tien Shinhan (Future • Cell)
	
	
23rd Tournament Debut	Anonymous (Chi-Chi) (Future) • Hero (Kami) (Future) • Cyborg Tao • Demon Jr. (Piccolo) (Future • Cell) • Yajirobe (Future)
	
	
24th Tournament Debut	Jewel • Killa • Mighty Mask • Mr. Satan • Pintar • Spopovich • Videl
	
	
25th Tournament Debut	Android 18 • Goten • Great Saiyaman (Gohan) • Idasa • Ikose • Kadopi • Kibito • Koryuu • Pyonatt • Shin (Supreme Kai) • Trunks • Vegeta • Yamu
	
	
26th Tournament Debut	Mr. Buu
	
	
28th Tournament Debut	Captain Chicken • Nareg • Nok • Otokosuki • Pan • Uub • Wild Tiger
	
	
31st Tournament Debut	Charlie • Matt Cat • Mugley • Papayaman (Majuub) • Super One
	
	
64th Tournament Debut	Goku Jr. • Vegeta Jr.
	

	
	
Related Articles	Cell Games • Papaya Island • Punching Machine
	

v · d · eTournament of Power	
	
Universe 2	Bikal • Harmira • Jimizu • Kakunsa • Prum • Rabanra • Ribrianne • Roasie • Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Universe 3	Agnilasa • Biarra • Borareta • Catopesra • Koicéareta • Koitsukai • Maji-Kayo • Narirama • Nigrissi • Pancéa • Paparoni • Za Priccio
	
	
Universe 4	Caway • Damom • Dercori • Gamisalas • Ganos • Majora • Monna • Nink • Shosa • Xiangca
	
	
Universe 6	Auta Magetta • Botamo • Cabba • Caulifla • Frost • Hit • Kale • Kefla • Pilina • Dr. Rota • Saonel
	
	
Universe 7	Android 17 • Android 18 • Frieza • Gohan • Goku • Krillin • Master Roshi • Piccolo • Tien Shinhan • Vegeta
	
	
Universe 9	Basil • Bergamo • Chappil • Comfrey • Hop • Hyssop • Lavender • Oregano • Roselle • Sorrel
	
	
Universe 10	Dium • Dyrasem • Methiop • Murichim • Murisam • Napapa • Obni • Rubalt • Rylibeu • Zircor
	
	
Universe 11	Cocotte • Dyspo • Jiren • Kahseral • K'nsi • Kettle • Top • Tupper • Vewon • Zoire
	

v · d · eDeities	
	
King of All	Ultimate Ruler of the Dragon World • Good Supreme Demon King • Rymus • Zeno (Future)
	
	
Dragon Gods	Zalama
	
	
Angel	Grand Minister • Awamo • Sour • Camparri • Cognac • Cukatail • Vados • Whis (Future) • Merus • Korn • Mohito • Kusu • Marcarita • Martinu • Makkora • Gatchan • Angels of Hell • Neryl • Tenshi
	
	
God of Destruction	Iwan • Heles • Mule • Quitela • Arak • Champa • Beerus (Future) • Liquiir • Sidra • Rumsshi • Belmod • Giin • Shandy • Saria • Caser
	
	
Supreme Kai	Anato • Pell • Eyre • Kuru • Ogma • Fuwa • Grand Supreme Kai (Innocent Buu • Good Buu) • Old Kai (Future) • North Supreme Kai • Shin (Future • Kibito Kai) • West Supreme Kai • South Supreme Kai • Iru • Roh • Gowasu (Future) • Goku Black/Future Zamasu/Fused Zamasu • Khai • Agu • Chronoa • Aeos (Mysterious Guide) • Frieza • Zen • Fen • Wairu • Ratopa • Demon Supreme Kai • Karoly Black
	
	
Kai	Grand Kai • King Kai (Future) • East Kai • West Kai • South Kai • Zamasu (Future) • King of the Demon Realm (Good Supreme Demon King • Abura • Dabura • Gomah • Majin Kuu)
	
	
Guardian	Kami of the Previous Generation • Kami (Future) • Dende (Future • Xeno) • Konatsian Wizard
	
	
Super Saiyan God	Super Saiyan God • Goku • Vegeta (Duplicate • Super Oren) • Goku Black/Fused Zamasu (Crimson-Masked Saiyan) • Vegito • Gogeta • Broly • Xeno Trunks • Ahms • Sealas (Fused) • Captain Ginyu • Future Warrior • Basaku • Beat • Erito • Forte • Note • Viola • Shallot • Giblet
	
	
Demon God	Chamel • Xeno Dabura • Demigra (Mirage) • Fin • Gravy • Hirudegarn (Baby) • Lucifer • Mechikabura • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Towa • Xeno One-Star Dragon • Xeno Majin Buu • Dark Demon God Berserker • Aurora • Robelu
	
	
Fusion Gods	Den-Goku • Old Kai (Future) • Fused Zamasu/Infinite Zamasu • Future Zamasu/Goku Black • God Fusion Goku • Gomas • Gorus • Karoly Black • Kibeerusshin • Kibicollo Kai • Kibito Kai • Vegito • Whirus
	
	
Attendant	Zeno's Attendants (Future) • Fuwa's Attendant • Kibito (Future) • Xeno Trunks • Future Warrior • Grandpa Gohan • Litee • Mr. Popo • Princess Snake's Attendants • Zuno's Attendants
	
	
Other	Annin • Black Space Cat • Caretakers • Chocolay • Korin • Lord Piccolo • Luud • Mechikabura • Oozaru • Princess Snake
	
	
Godly forms	Aura of a God • Demon God (Second Form • True Form • Transcended • Dark King) • Destroyer Form • Giant Form • God Bird • God Class-up (Super God Class-up • Ultimate Class-up Sign • Ultimate Class-up)) • Super Saiyan God (Dark Ki 3rd Stage • Dark Ki: Unleashed) • Saiyan beyond God • Blue (Super Saiyan Blue Kaio-ken • Perfected • Evolved • Barrier • Berserk • Berserk Controlled • Universe Tree Power) • Rosé (Rosé 2 • Rosé 3 • Full Power) • God Broly) • Time Power Unleashed • Ultra Instinct Sign (True • Perfected) • Ultra Ego
	
	
Related	Angel Attendant's Staff (Inside Whis's Staff) • Angel Realm • Autonomous Ultra Instinct • Beerus' Planet • Bōjutsu • Crystal Ball • Cube • Delayed Onset Ki Disorder • Demon Gods • Divine Language • Ensenji (Yemma Tree) • Fury • Glind Tree • God-to-Blue • God Fusion • God's Crimson Radiance • GodPad • GodTube • Godly ki • Hakai (Energy of Destruction • Power of Destruction) • Kai Realm • Kaishin (Demon Realm) • Katchin (Kachi Katchin) • Life Link • Mobile Temple of Zeno (Throne) • Mortal Level • Namekian Book of Legends • Offworlder (Eternal Dragon) • Potara • Reincarnation Game • Sacred Water • Sacred World of the Kai • Super Dragon Ball • Super Saiyan God race • Tik and Takk • Time Labyrinth • Time Nest (Toki Toki City • Conton City) • Time Ring • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power • Tree of Might (Fruit of the Tree of Might) • Ultra Ego • Ultra Divine Water • Z Sword • Zeno's Button • Zeno's Palace • Zeno Orb
	

v · d · eTime Patrol	
	
Leaders	Chronoa • Future Trunks (Xeno) • Old Kai • King Kai
	
	
Members	
Heroes Members	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Gohan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Bardock 
 Bulma • Sealas • Tokitoki • Chamel • Beat • Note • Fen • Leggings • Froze • Kabra • Kagyu • Nim • Wairu • Zen • Hero Robots • Super Hero Robo • Putine
	
	
Fused Members	Xeno Gogeta • Xeno Gohanks • Xeno Gotenks • Xeno Vegito • Xeno Vegeks • Jacunks
	
	
Xenoverse Members	Tokitoki • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Ninja Murasaki • Konkon • Chacha • Akkah • Aoh
	
	
Online Members	Hope! • Youth
	

	
	
Squadrons	Taino Force • Romance Rangers • Nutz Gang • Murasaki Brothers • Hero Society • Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light
	
	
Masters/Instructors/Partners	Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Bardock • Beerus • Bojack • Broly (DBS) • Captain Ginyu • Cell • Cooler • Dodoria • Frieza • Fu • Gogeta • Gohan (Future) • Goku • Good Buu • Gotenks • Hit • Jaco • Janemba • Jiren • Kefla • Krillin • Lord Slug • Mr. Satan • Nappa • Syn Shenron • Pan • Piccolo • Raditz • Super Buu • Tapion • Tien Shinhan • Future Trunks • Turles • Vegeta • Vegito • Videl • Whis • Yamcha • Future Zamasu (Goku Black) • Zarbon
	
	
Allies	Android 17 (Hell Fighter • Super 17) • Android 21 (Good) • Beat's Mom • Bocacchi • Cooler Force (Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force (Ginyu Force) • Galactic Patrol • Giru • Kang • Kong • Minotia • Namekians (Dende • Kami • Grand Elder Guru • Nail) • New Crane School • Saibamen • Tapion • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Bardock • Bee • Beerus • Bubbles • Bulma (Future) • Champa • Chi-Chi • Dr. Hedo • Earth's Military (King Furry) • Farmer • Fortuneteller Baba • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Gregory • Majin family • Majuub • Mr. Popo • Nallej • King Kai • Oolong • Pikkon (Future) • Pride Troopers (Dyspo • Jiren • Top) • Scratch • Vados • Whis • Xeno King Vegeta • Xiaon • Yajirobe • Yuto • Zeno (Future) • Aeos • Warriors in Black (Future Warrior in Black • Namekian in Black • Vidro) • Demigra Army (Demigra • Chamel • Robelu • Shirogame) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dragon Ball Online • Dragon Ball Heroes (World Mission • Dark Empire Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universal Conflict Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Supreme Kai of Time Saga (Super Space-Time Tournament) • Demon Invader Saga) • Dragon Ball Xenoverse • Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Unknown History Saga • Infinite History Saga • Frieza's Siege • Hero Colosseum • Conton City Tournament) • Dragon Ball: The Breakers • Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle • Dragon Ball Fusions (Timespace Tournament)
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related Articles	Alternate Timeline • Capsule (CC Mascot • Vehicle Capsule 315 • Vehicle Capsule 318 • Vehicle Capsule 340) • CC Robot • Dragon Ball Heroes machines • Hero Suit (Great Saiyaman Watch) • Hero Switch • Hero Town • Toki Toki City • Conton City (Dragon • Dragon Ball Pedestal • Conton City Patroller Academy • Time Miniature • Time Nest • Tokitoki (race) • Tokitoki's Egg (Distorted Time Egg) • Gate • Hercule Badge • Mask • Scouter • Scroll of Eternity (Lucky Time Box) • Sealas' Staff • Super Soul • Key Sword • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Time Machine (Super Time Machine) • Time Patroller Suit • Transphere (Super) • World of Mind Control • Z-Soul
	

v · d · eGalactic Patrol	
	
Leaders	Galactic King
		
	
Members	Calamis • Chiwak • Irico • Jaco • Jiya • Merus • Sealas • Steth • Tyber
	
	
Fused Members	Fuber • Great Jaco • Jacunks • Ultra Fusion
	
	
Temporary Members	Goku • Vegeta • Piccolo • Gohan • Krillin • Android 17 • Android 18 • Master Roshi • Yamcha • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu
	
	
Squadrons	Kusaya Squad
	
	
Allies	Capsule Corporation (Dr. Brief) • Dragon Team (Bulma • Tights • Z Fighters • Trunks • Goten • Good Buu/Grand Supreme Kai • Mr. Satan • Dende • Mr. Popo) • East City Sea Police (Aosa • Hijiki • Hondawara • Tamagoro Katayude • Mozuku) • Esca • Kaede • Manpuku Okawari • Moori • Sachie Momochi • Saiya Squad (Great Saiyaman 1 • Great Saiyaman 2 • Great Saiyaman 3 • Great Saiyaman 12) • South Supreme Kai • Shin • Old Kai • Kibito • Time Patrol (Chronoa • Tokitoki) • Tokunoshin Omori • Yukio Kyumonji • Zarid
	
	
Related Articles	Amond • Extinction Bomb • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Galactic Patrol Medal • Galactic Prison • Galactic Receiver • Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Jaco's Spaceship • Metamo-Ring • Mogan • Nutts • Octos • Omori's Island • Ray Gun • Stun Gun • Vamp
	

v · d · eSuper Space-Time Tournament	
	
Team 1	Goku • Vegeta • Gohan • Piccolo • Yamcha • Hit • Jiren
	
	
Team 2	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Gohan • Chronoa
	
	
Team 3	Tapion • Konatsians
	
	
Team 4	Mecha Frieza • Zarbon • Dodoria • Shisami • Cui • Tagoma • Sorbet
	
	
Team 5	Frieza • Cooler • Hearts • Cumber • Super 17 • Dr. Wheelo • Turles
	
	
Team 6	Dabura • Pui Pui • Spopovich • Yamu • Yakon
	
	
Team 7	Android 13 • Android 14 • Android 15 • Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Android 19
	
	
Team 8	Lord Slug • Medamatcha • Angila • Wings • Commander Zeeun
	
	
Team 9	Bojack • Zangya • Bido • Bujin • Kogu
	
	
Team 10	Salza • Dore • Neiz • Raditz
	
	
Team 11	Captain Ginyu • Jeice • Burter • Recoome • Guldo
	
	
Team 12	Mercenary Tao • Ninja Murasaki • Colonel Silver • General White • General Blue • Buyon • Major Metallitron
	
	
Intruders	Broly • Hirudegarn • Kid Buu • Janemba • Cell
	
	
Berserkers	Android 13 • Baby • Bojack • Cell • Chilled • Fin • Gravy • Hatchiyack • Innocent Buu • Lord Slug • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno Dabura • Xeno Syn Shenron
	
	
Unknown Team Members	Frost • King Cold • Angol • Moah • Bergamo • Rasin • Lakasei • Basil • Murichim • Dercori