Articles on
Krillin
	
Introduction • Biography • Power and Abilities • Misc • Gallery
	

"Did someone get the number of that bus? I've never felt anything so painful in my life, it's as if all my bones... are totally crushed. But don't worry about me, no sir, I'm going to be totally fine. I hope I'm not being rude, but I'm gonna take a little nap."

— Krillin after getting kicked by Cell in "Vegeta Must Pay"

	

Krillin

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

クリリン

Kuririn

	
		Anime name

	
	Krillin

	
		Manga name

	
	Kuririn

	
		Alias

	
	"Moon Boy" Krillin (by World Tournament Announcer)
Mr. Krillin[1]
Turillin (by Beerus)
Kurly (by Beerus; Funimation dub)
Mini Monk (by Android 17)
Kulilin[2][3][4][5][6][7]
Klilyn[8][9][10][11]

Debuts

	
		Appears in

	
	Dragon BallDragon Ball ZDragon Ball GTDragon Ball SuperSuper Dragon Ball Heroes

	
		Manga Debut

	
	"A Rival Arrives!!"

	
		Anime Debut

	
	"Goku's Rival"

	
		Movie Debut

	
	Dragon Ball: Sleeping Princess in Devil's Castle

	
		Game Debut

	
	Dragon Ball: Shenron no Nazo

Characteristics

	
		Race

	
	Human-type Earthling

	
		Gender

	
	Male

	
		Height

	
	153 cm (5'0")[12]

	
		Weight

	
	45 kg (99 lbs)[12]

	
		Birth Date

	
	October 29, Age 736[13][14][12][15]

	
		Death Date(s)

	
	May 7, Age 753
December 24, Age 762
May 8, Age 774
Age 790
Age 821-889[16]

Professional Status

	
		Occupation

	
	Martial Artist
Orin Temple Monk (Formerly)
Milkman
Construction Worker
Police officer[17]
Martial Arts teacher[18]

	
		Allegiance

	
	Orin Temple (Formerly)
Turtle School (Formerly)
Dragon Team
Police
Team Universe 7
New Turtle School (founder)

	
		Address

	
	NBI 8250012 B. (Formerly)
Krillin's House

Personal Status

	
		Relatives

	
	Android 18 (wife)
Marron (daughter)
Android 17 (brother-in-law)
Android 17's wife (sister-in-law)
Android 17's kids (nephews or nieces)

	
		Counterparts

	
	Future Krillin
Future Krillin (Cell's timeline)

	
		Mentors

	
	Master Roshi
Korin
Kami
Mr. Popo
King Kai

Krillin (クリリン, Kuririn) is a major protagonist in the Dragon Ball series.

He's one of the most powerful and talented martial artists on Earth. He is courageous, faithful, and good-natured. Krillin had a brief rivalry with Goku when they first trained under Master Roshi, but they quickly became lifelong best friends,[19] to the point that Goku cares for him as much as his family and closest ones. He is a prominent Z Fighter, despite usually being overpowered by the major enemies. His short stature and baldness (with the exception of when he grows out his hair in the Buu Saga onwards, although he occasionally shaves his head in several sagas in Dragon Ball Super) aid him in his ability to provide comic relief during tense moments. 

During the latter half of Dragon Ball Z, he largely retires from fighting, opting to settle down with his family instead, becoming the husband of Android 18 and the father of Marron. However, because of all things that occur during the Golden Frieza Saga, he returns to his lifestyle as a warrior later on in Dragon Ball Super.

Contents

1 Appearance

2 Personality

3 References

4 Site Navigation

	
		
				
					
					
				
			Quick Answers

		

		
	

	
			
				
					What was the nature of Krillin's rivalry with Goku in Dragon Ball?
						
				
				
					
						Krillin's rivalry with Goku in Dragon Ball was brief and rooted in their training under Master Roshi. It was a friendly competition, with Krillin frequently testing his strength against Goku's. Despite this rivalry, they became lifelong best friends, with Goku showing deep care for Krillin. Their rivalry often involved Krillin asking Goku to hit him as a measure of his power, leading to intense training and battles.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					How tall is Krillin compared to other characters in the series?
						
				
				
					
						Krillin stands at approximately 153cm or 5'0, making him shorter than many characters.
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Does Krillin have hair in any of the Dragon Ball series?
						
				
				
					
						Krillin, a character in the Dragon Ball series, does have hair in certain segments. He shaves his head as part of his monastic training, but is not naturally bald. In the Buu Saga and Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods, Krillin sports short, spikey black hair. Post Cell's defeat in Dragon Ball Z, he is also depicted with grown-out hair.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					How old is Krillin during the Cell Saga?
						
				
				
					
						During the Cell Saga in the Dragon Ball series, Krillin's age is 31.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Is Krillin a Saiyan or a different species in Dragon Ball?
						
				
				
					
						Krillin, a central character in Dragon Ball, is an Earthling, not a Saiyan. He's a highly skilled martial artist and a key Z Fighter. Despite often being outmatched by stronger foes, he remains a vital part of the team. Krillin and Goku, who initially were rivals, became close friends after training together under Master Roshi. In his later years, as depicted in Dragon Ball Online, Krillin adopts a Saiyaman-like disguise to battle the remnants of the Frieza Force.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
	

Appearance[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Krillin in Dragon Ball
 		 	 
Krillin does not have a visible nose, however, in a fourth wall breaking manner he seems to be able to smell until someone mentions it (like Goku during the 21st World Martial Arts Tournament): he smells the diamond Bulma took from the Pirate Cave, and he smells the enticing trap meal in the Mirror Spaceship. In the Dragon Ball: Adventure Special magazine, when asked why Krillin does not have a nose, Akira Toriyama responded "Krillin has a physical idiosyncrasy that allows him to breathe through his skin." Earlier on in the series, and throughout the entire manga, Krillin had white eyes that were often squinty looking, giving off a bored expression. However, later on, his eyes are more open, and the color of them seem to have disappeared completely, making the inside of his eyes the same color as his skin.

Krillin is not naturally bald. Due to his original monastic training, he merely shaves his head. During his training with Goku under Master Roshi, Krillin comments that "All who aspire to master the martial arts shave their heads in order to unfetter their ki" and is both surprised and disappointed to find out Master Roshi is naturally bald. He also mentions that he waxes his head to keep himself bald. After settling down with his new family, his hair grows out, although his original smooth crowned look is the most familiar to fans. The six dots on his forehead are scars from moxibustion burns,[20] similar to the pattern that appear on the forehead of a Shaolin monk.

His first appearance of Dragon Ball and in Fortuneteller Baba saga, he wears a yellow short sleeved Chinese garb with the sleeves are folded to make it sleeveless adorned with purple straps in each side, orange Chinese pants with a purple belt on his waist, white shins and ochre Chinese toe shoes. During the 21st and 23rd Martial Arts Tournament, Krillin wears a red turtle gi like Goku's and became his signature outfit in Dragon Ball Z through both Vegeta Saga and in the Namek Saga.

During the Namek Saga, Krillin wears a red, white, and blue cap which features the words "KAMESEN" and his name spelled "KULILIN" with a yellow and green jacket that features the "Turtle" mark when boarding the Nameless Namekian's Spaceship. After landing on Namek, Krillin briefly wears his hat with his Turtle School Uniform. During the Frieza Saga, Krillin wears Litt Battle Armor obtained from Frieza's Spaceship. However, the armor gains a hole in the torso created by Second Form Frieza's horn. 

In the Androids Saga and throughout the Cell Saga, Krillin wears an outfit identical to Goku's first outfit in both Vegeta Saga and throughout the Frieza Saga as the tie of his boots are light blue.

In the Buu Saga, Krillin has his black hair grow out and wears various casual outfits. When he was married with Android 18, he wears an orange short sleeved loose button shirt, white shorts and red sandals. In the 25th World Martial Arts Tournament, he first appears wearing an orange vest with a white short sleeve undershirt, green denim shorts with a brown belt on his waist, white socks and brown shoes. In the movie, Bio-Broly, his vest appears to be black. During the tournament and onwards, he wears a short sleeve red shirt, khaki jogging pants with a white tie at the center and black sneakers. In Dragon Ball Super, when Krillin still had black hair, it is noticeably shorter than how it is in the Buu Saga. Krillin retained his shaved head in Shin Budokai despite it taking place after the Majin Buu Saga, with it being implied in the beginning that such had been the result of 18 and Marron playing with his head while he was asleep.

During Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods and the earlier episodes of Dragon Ball Super, Krillin wears his black hair in a short, fairly spikey style and dons a green changshan (Chinese men's coat) with a Turtle School crest on the left breast as a mark of respect for Master Roshi, in addition to dark blue-gray pants and charcoal-gray kung fu shoes. Strangely, in the manga, his head remains shaven.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Krillin in Resurrection ‘F’
 		 	 
By the time of Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ‘F’, Krillin has taken up the job of a police officer, he wears a uniform with a yellow polo shirt and purple formal shorts, a badge, and a helmet. When getting prepared to battle Frieza, Krillin asks Android 18 to shave his head for "old times sake". When he is off-duty, Krillin wears a red short sleeved shirt with a sign "Tacos" at the center, jeans and blue sneakers. In preparation for the Tournament of Power, Krillin once again wears his orange turtle school gi, minus the weighted clothing he previously wore during the Android Saga through the Cell Games Saga, although his gi has become visibly faded with time, leaving it a paler orange compared to Goku and Gohan's versions of the outfit.

In the end of Dragon Ball Z, Krillin wears a business attire like his wife, Android 18 and has a fedora hat on his head.

In the events of Dragon Ball GT, Krillin's hair is now streaked with gray, and he has grown a prominent bushy mustache that has grown completely over his upper lip. He retains wearing the business attire at the end of Dragon Ball Z; a teal formal vest with a white long sleeved button shirt with the sleeves are folded into cuffs and a light purple long necktie on the collar, brown pants and black shoes.

Personality[]

"I heard Master Roshi's training was difficult, but I haven't even broken a sweat yet."

— Krillin when Master Roshi's training starts in "Milk Delivery"

	

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Goku and Krillin's display of friendship
 		 	 
Originally a jealous and selfish person, Krillin did not respect rules when confronted with Roshi's training. After a short arch-rivalry between the two (years later, Krillin even admits that he hated Goku at first), he becomes Goku's best friend, and his selfish and jealous personality becomes more kind-hearted and generous (although he still has slight selfish and jealous traits after his reform). Krillin is often used as comic relief or cannon fodder by the author. As the most prominent full-blooded human character in the Dragon Ball series, Krillin also represents a sense of normalcy to Goku and Gohan, as well as often being the most identifiable. Often when things in the Dragon World turn bizarre, it is left to Krillin to shake his head in disbelief and crack a joke.

Despite his reputation as being a weakling compared to his Saiyan comrades, he is considered to be one of the stronger pure-blooded humans in the Dragon Ball series, being thousands of times stronger than the average person, in fact he is well into the superhuman league (although this is largely due to the fact that he was afforded much greater opportunities to increase his strength, such as gaining the ability to use ki, training under the Guardian of the Earth, and having his potential unlocked by Grand Elder Guru, things that no other human, such as Mr. Satan, ever had). Although he is not as strong as Goku or Gohan, his determination in helping his friends is a key asset. Furthermore, Krillin's ingenuity and talent for ki-manipulation is far superior to that of most warriors, even those stronger than himself, and he has an ability to sense hidden powers. Krillin had his dormant ki awakened by the Namek Elder, Guru, during the events of the Namek Saga (although it is possible that not all of his power was freed, due to the fact that Gohan still had more hidden power and that they both grew to be much stronger), and this helped keep him among the same level as his more naturally powerful friends, at least for a little while. Krillin has trained hard most of his life, becoming extremely powerful and proving it in combat with many foes. Unfortunately, he is quickly outclassed by many of the other characters in the series, such as Piccolo and the Saiyans; though among all the full-blooded humans he faces in combat he is one of the strongest. On one occasion, during the course of the 25th World Martial Arts Tournament, Yamcha says to Krillin's daughter that Krillin is "the strongest human being in the world." Some fans feel that the mangaka, Akira Toriyama, uses Yamcha to state a fact on this scene, as he also says that Krillin is the "strongest Earthling male" in an interview.[21] As it is spoken in the context of Krillin being married to 18, it implies that Krillin is the strongest Earthling at least by that point in the series (this claim gets support in the video game Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors in which the final part of Krillin's story, which focus on the Majin Buu Saga, is titled as "The Strongest Earthling").

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Krillin's family
 		 	 
At any rate, Krillin is brave and resourceful, and the audience identifies him as a good-natured underdog. Along with Yamcha, Krillin has also, arguably, adjusted to a relatively normal life better than many of his friends by seeking women in his life. He is among the more "normal" human of his friends, as he can be seen wearing normal clothes on days where he's not fighting, other than his typical martial arts dōgi, as well as engaging in other normal every-day activities such as watching TV, going to the beach, etc. In his role as Goku's best friend, Krillin was among the only humans to remain a main character for the majority of the series, even as Master Roshi, Yamcha, Tien Shinhan, Chiaotzu, Yajirobe, Chi-Chi and others faded into the background. Overall, Krillin is a highly valued character in the Dragon Ball series: powerful, loyal, and brave. He is second only to Goku in the most appearances in the manga. In some more recent movies however, Krillin has been since demoted to a comic relief character. This is most prominent in the movie Dragon Ball Z: Super Android 13!, when he was beaten up by Chi-Chi, clonked his head twice, had hot coffee spilled on his head, had his face fried by a stray energy bolt, had a large pile of snow dumped on him, had Vegeta sent flying into him, slipped and skidded past the main villain when he was about to attack him, and was humiliated in the hospital (he even remarks during the Vegeta incident that "Why do these things always happen to me?").

"B-Bulma... I was just thinking... A-All of us here used to be enemies... I hated Goku in the beginning too... ...But when there was a common enemy we started to team up because we HAD to and before we knew it, we became friends..."

— Krillin in "The Risky Decision"

	

Consistent with the theme of redemption in the series, he allows Vegeta to live rather than killing him, albeit reluctantly at the insistence of Goku (as he promised Krillin, he would defeat Vegeta and Krillin put his faith in Goku's strength), during the Vegeta Saga, a decision that later proves righteous as Vegeta goes on to become one of the most beneficial warriors of the Z Fighters. It should be noted that during the Trunks Saga, Krillin points out to Bulma that most of the Z Fighters used to be enemies and admits that he himself once hated Goku but once there was a common enemy they started working together and eventually became friends while trying to persuade her that it was better to let the Z Fighters deal with the Androids when they appeared as he noted that without a common enemy, Vegeta might go return to his evil ways which was a possibility given the Saiyan Prince's rivalry with Goku. Also, he spares Android 18's life when presented with the chance to activate her self-destruct sequence because he had a huge crush on her (though this put the whole planet at risk because she was later absorbed by Cell, which helped him complete his evolution). In a bit of ironic fortune, he later marries the beautiful android and later has a daughter named Marron with her. He also convinced Vegeta and Future Trunks to allow Android 16 be repaired and join them in combatting Cell during the Cell Games despite the Android's mission to destroy Goku, which proved fortunate as Android 16 was instrumental in convincing Gohan to let go of his anger and defeat Cell.

Like his mentor Master Roshi, Krillin is known to be perverted even bribing Master Roshi with a Dirty Magazine when he was first introduced at the age of 12. He was also already considered "impure" of heart due to his perverted tendencies and was unable to ride the Flying Nimbus without clinging to Goku. He also came up with an elaborate and unnecessarily perverted plan during the Fortuneteller Baba Saga to expose Bulma's breasts to Master Roshi in order to have Master Roshi produce a massive nosebleed to cover See-Through the Invisible Man in order to aid Yamcha in defeating him. However, he is shown to have become less perverted as an adult and is more interested in genuine romance as he notes his desire to get married several times in Dragon Ball Z. In the anime filler he even contemplates marrying Maron though ultimately decides to break up with her only to reconsider when she reveals she would have said yes, but she ran off with some guy who promised her ice cream. In Super Android 13!, he waits in line for a beauty pageant with Roshi, Oolong, and Future Trunks though he admonishes Oolong and Roshi as setting a bad example for a young man like Trunks, though Master Roshi points out Krillin might be able to find himself a wife which causes him to get excited by the idea. Before meeting Android 18, Krillin began to wonder if he would ever find love, at one point in Super Android 13! even lamenting he would probably die alone. He is also taken with Zangya's beauty when he mistakes her for the opponent, he is supposed to fight in Bojack Unbound. While Krillin loves his wife, he has been shown to retain some of his perversion as while saving Nain in Bio-Broly she hugs onto him tightly causing him to blush, though this ends up causing his wife to angrily push both of them. Additionally, in Xenoverse 2, he notes that the Launch Costume is a pretty daring look and that while he never really looked at her clothes back in his youth, they do show a lot of skin and wishes he had watched more closely when he had the chance, before nervously stating he is totally committed to Android 18. In Dragon Ball FighterZ, he agrees with Yamcha's opinion that Android 21 is cute, though this causes Yamcha to think that Krillin has a thing for female Androids which Krillin denies, though unfortunately their conversation is overheard by Android 18 who glares at them both, terrifying them to the point they are unable to turn around.

However, Krillin can be just as jealous as his wife can be as he tells the Future Warrior in Xenoverse 2 not to try anything funny with his wife, when they are training under her, which he says regardless of their selected gender or race. He is also fiercely protective of her and their daughter as he wanted her to stay to take care of Marron while he confronted Frieza after his resurrection and willingly confronts villains stronger than himself to protect her such as Cell, Super Buu, and Bio-Broly.

References[]

↑ Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, 2016

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 245, "3... 2... 1... Lift Off!"

↑ Weekly Shōnen Jump 1989 No. 47

↑ Dragon Ball Kai Box #2 Dragon Book

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 328, "Namek's End"

↑ Dragon Ball volume 21, "Dragon Ball in Space" cover

↑ Dragon Ball Volume 22, "Battlefield Namek" cover

↑ Dragon Ball Carddass Characters Collection

↑ Dragon Ball Super Barcode Wars 4

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22, 1995

↑ Dragon Ball Z 2 Super Power Guide

↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 Dragon Ball: Super Exciting Guide, 2009

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 41, "Kuririn vs. Jackie Chun"

↑ Daizenshuu 7, 1996

↑ Character Biography Data. Kanzenshuu. Weekly Shōnen Jump #37, August 1986

↑ Dragon Ball GT: A Hero's Legacy, 1997

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ‘F’, 2015

↑ Dragon Ball Online, 2010

↑ Dragon Ball episode 14, "Goku's Rival"

↑ 鳥山明「とりやまさんのDRAGON BALLなんでもかんでもコーナー」『DRAGON BALL　第6巻』集英社〈ジャンプコミックス〉、1987年3月15日、ISBN 4-08-851836-5、p.190-191。

↑ TV Anime Guide: Dragon Ball Tenkaichi Densetsu, 2004

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eDragon Team	
	
Members	Goku (Xeno) • Yamcha • Krillin • Master Roshi • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu • Yajirobe • Piccolo • Gohan (Xeno) • Vegeta (Xeno) • Trunks • Goten (Xeno) • Android 18 • Good Buu (Grand Supreme Kai) • Android 17 • Pan (Xeno) • Uub • Goku Jr.
	
	
Supporters	Bulma • Oolong • Puar • Chi-Chi • Ox-King • Launch • Turtle • World Tournament Announcer • Dr. Brief • Bikini • Scratch • Korin • Fortuneteller Baba • Kami • Mr. Popo • King Yemma • King Kai • Bubbles • Gregory • Dende • Moori • Marron • Pybara • Shin • Kibito • Kibito Kai • Mr. Satan • Videl • Bee • Old Kai • Tarble • Gure • Beerus • Whis • Tights • Jaco • Galactic King • Merus • Calamis • Irico • Esca • Monaka • Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu • Cabba • Gowasu • Zeno • Bulla • Giru • Valese
	
	
Allies	Nam • Suno • Android 8 • Arale Norimaki • Gatchan • Senbei Norimaki • Turbo Norimaki • Bora • Upa • Grandpa Gohan • King Furry • Annin • Hero • Pansy • Kooky Cook • Melone • Grand Elder Guru • Nail • Necke • Maima • Tsumuri • Icarus • Maron • Vomi • Android 16 • Olibu • West Kai • South Kai • East Kai • Grand Kai • Pikkon • Erasa • Tapion • Glorio • Panzy • Kadan • Neva • Majin Kuu • Hit • Reality Machine #2 • Cocoa Amaguri • Yurin • Cell Jr. • Broly • Cheelai • Lemo • Granolah • Monaito • Oatmeel • Dr. Hedo • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Bardock (Xeno) • Neko Majin Z • Leena • Doma • Bon Para • Son Para • Don Para • Ledgic • Unnamed Alien Boy • Sugoro • Shusugoro • Nuova Shenron • Puck • Chronoa • Tokitoki • Jiren • Putine • Salsa • Hearts • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Bardock (Xeno) • Beat • Note • Froze • Kagyu • Kabra • Zen • Chamel • Nim • Fen • Wairu • Mecha Goku • Android 21 (Good)
	
	
Future Counterparts	
Members	Future Trunks (Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Future Gohan (Cell) • Future Goku (Cell) • Future Vegeta (Cell) • Future Piccolo (Cell) • Future Krillin (Cell) • Future Yamcha • Future Tien Shinhan (Cell) • Future Chiaotzu • Future Yajirobe
	
	
Supporters & Allies	Future Android 8 • Future Bulma • Future Chi-Chi • Future Master Roshi • Future Puar • Future Turtle • Future Oolong • Future Ox-King • Future Dr. Brief • Future Scratch • Future King Yemma • Future Dende • Future King Kai • Future Korin • Future Kami • Future Shin • Future Kibito • Future Mai • Future Old Kai • Future Mr. Satan • Future Good Buu • Future Nail • Future Pikkon • Future Bardock • Haru • Maki • Future Zeno
	

	
	
Fused Members	
Fusion Dance	Future Gohanks (Xeno) • Gogeta (Future • Xeno) • Gotenks (Xeno) • Prilin • Tiencha
	
	
Potara	Android 35 • Den-Goku • Gokule • Kibito Kai • Old Kai (Future) • Xeno Vegeks • Vegito (Xeno)
	
	
EX-Fusion	Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Arale 18 • Barlot • Bulpan • Chiaohan • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coohan • EX Gogeta • EX Gohanks • EX Gotenks • EX Prilin • EX Trunks • EX Yamhan • Gorillin • Gorus • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Ginyuman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Kibeer Kai • Kibicollo Kai • Krigohan • Majin Satan • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Picohan • Pinita • Tanks • Towale • Vegenks • Yamta
	

	
	
Related Articles	
Affiliated Groups	Brief family • Son family •  Turtle School (New Turtle School) • West City Fire Brigade • Dragon Clan • Kadan Force •  Para Brothers • Galactic Patrol • Team Universe 7 • Pilaf Gang • Earth's Police • Earth's Military (Earth's Resistance) • Tien-Shin Style Dojo (New Crane School) • MIR • Kikoukenjutsu Sword School • Pan Fighting Network • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light) • Vegeta Sky Pirates
	
	
Bases	Mount Paozu (Goku's House • Grandpa Gohan's House) • Gohan's House • Kame House • Capsule Corporation • Korin Tower • Krillin's House • The Lookout (Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Pendulum Room) • King Kai's Planet • Piccolo's House • Planet Yardrat • Satan House • Sacred World of the Kai • Beerus' Planet • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Time Nest
	

	

v · d · eGalactic Patrol	
	
Leaders	Galactic King
		
	
Members	Calamis • Chiwak • Irico • Jaco • Jiya • Merus • Sealas • Steth • Tyber
	
	
Fused Members	Fuber • Great Jaco • Jacunks • Ultra Fusion
	
	
Temporary Members	Goku • Vegeta • Piccolo • Gohan • Krillin • Android 17 • Android 18 • Master Roshi • Yamcha • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu
	
	
Squadrons	Kusaya Squad
	
	
Allies	Capsule Corporation (Dr. Brief) • Dragon Team (Bulma • Tights • Z Fighters • Trunks • Goten • Good Buu/Grand Supreme Kai • Mr. Satan • Dende • Mr. Popo) • East City Sea Police (Aosa • Hijiki • Hondawara • Tamagoro Katayude • Mozuku) • Esca • Kaede • Manpuku Okawari • Moori • Sachie Momochi • Saiya Squad (Great Saiyaman 1 • Great Saiyaman 2 • Great Saiyaman 3 • Great Saiyaman 12) • South Supreme Kai • Shin • Old Kai • Kibito • Time Patrol (Chronoa • Tokitoki) • Tokunoshin Omori • Yukio Kyumonji • Zarid
	
	
Related Articles	Amond • Extinction Bomb • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Galactic Patrol Medal • Galactic Prison • Galactic Receiver • Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Jaco's Spaceship • Metamo-Ring • Mogan • Nutts • Octos • Omori's Island • Ray Gun • Stun Gun • Vamp
	

v · d · eTime Patrol	
	
Leaders	Chronoa • Future Trunks (Xeno) • Old Kai • King Kai
	
	
Members	
Heroes Members	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Gohan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Bardock 
 Bulma • Sealas • Tokitoki • Chamel • Beat • Note • Fen • Leggings • Froze • Kabra • Kagyu • Nim • Wairu • Zen • Hero Robots • Super Hero Robo • Putine
	
	
Fused Members	Xeno Gogeta • Xeno Gohanks • Xeno Gotenks • Xeno Vegito • Xeno Vegeks • Jacunks
	
	
Xenoverse Members	Tokitoki • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Ninja Murasaki • Konkon • Chacha • Akkah • Aoh
	
	
Online Members	Hope! • Youth
	

	
	
Squadrons	Taino Force • Romance Rangers • Nutz Gang • Murasaki Brothers • Hero Society • Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light
	
	
Masters/Instructors/Partners	Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Bardock • Beerus • Bojack • Broly (DBS) • Captain Ginyu • Cell • Cooler • Dodoria • Frieza • Fu • Gogeta • Gohan (Future) • Goku • Good Buu • Gotenks • Hit • Jaco • Janemba • Jiren • Kefla • Krillin • Lord Slug • Mr. Satan • Nappa • Syn Shenron • Pan • Piccolo • Raditz • Super Buu • Tapion • Tien Shinhan • Future Trunks • Turles • Vegeta • Vegito • Videl • Whis • Yamcha • Future Zamasu (Goku Black) • Zarbon
	
	
Allies	Android 17 (Hell Fighter • Super 17) • Android 21 (Good) • Beat's Mom • Bocacchi • Cooler Force (Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force (Ginyu Force) • Galactic Patrol • Giru • Kang • Kong • Minotia • Namekians (Dende • Kami • Grand Elder Guru • Nail) • New Crane School • Saibamen • Tapion • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Bardock • Bee • Beerus • Bubbles • Bulma (Future) • Champa • Chi-Chi • Dr. Hedo • Earth's Military (King Furry) • Farmer • Fortuneteller Baba • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Gregory • Majin family • Majuub • Mr. Popo • Nallej • King Kai • Oolong • Pikkon (Future) • Pride Troopers (Dyspo • Jiren • Top) • Scratch • Vados • Whis • Xeno King Vegeta • Xiaon • Yajirobe • Yuto • Zeno (Future) • Aeos • Warriors in Black (Future Warrior in Black • Namekian in Black • Vidro) • Demigra Army (Demigra • Chamel • Robelu • Shirogame) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dragon Ball Online • Dragon Ball Heroes (World Mission • Dark Empire Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universal Conflict Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Supreme Kai of Time Saga (Super Space-Time Tournament) • Demon Invader Saga) • Dragon Ball Xenoverse • Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Unknown History Saga • Infinite History Saga • Frieza's Siege • Hero Colosseum • Conton City Tournament) • Dragon Ball: The Breakers • Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle • Dragon Ball Fusions (Timespace Tournament)
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related Articles	Alternate Timeline • Capsule (CC Mascot • Vehicle Capsule 315 • Vehicle Capsule 318 • Vehicle Capsule 340) • CC Robot • Dragon Ball Heroes machines • Hero Suit (Great Saiyaman Watch) • Hero Switch • Hero Town • Toki Toki City • Conton City (Dragon • Dragon Ball Pedestal • Conton City Patroller Academy • Time Miniature • Time Nest • Tokitoki (race) • Tokitoki's Egg (Distorted Time Egg) • Gate • Hercule Badge • Mask • Scouter • Scroll of Eternity (Lucky Time Box) • Sealas' Staff • Super Soul • Key Sword • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Time Machine (Super Time Machine) • Time Patroller Suit • Transphere (Super) • World of Mind Control • Z-Soul
	

v · d · eEarthlings	
	
Human-Type Earthlings	Agundas • Akai Tomato • Akane Kimidori • Alpha 12 • An Azuki • Android 17's Wife • Angela • Antique Shop Owner • Antoine the Great • Aoi Kimidori • Aosa • Bacterian • Barry Kahn • Basaku • Beat • Beat's Mom • Beta 7 • Bikini • Bimbo • Bocacchi • Bongo • Bora • Bullies of the Orin Temple • Bulma (Future • DBE) • Burdwell • Captain Bacterian • Captain Chicken • Captain Dark • Captain Ginyu • Captain of the Guard • Carey Fuller • Carmine • Caroni • Chamel • Chamile • Chao • Charmy Yamada • Chi-Chi (Future • DBE) • Chi-Chi's mother • Chiaotzu • Chico • Chocora • Chok • Chow • Chuu Lee • Coco • Cocoa Amaguri • Colonel Silver • Colonel Violet • Commander Red • Cynthia • Daigoro Kurigashira • The Dictator • Donko • Doskoi • Dr. Auto • Dr. Brief (Future) • Dr. Challenger • Dr. Collie • Dr. Flappe • Dr. Gero (Clone • Future • Cell) • Dr. Hedo • Dr. Hedo's Father • Dran • Dub • Eclain • Eclair • Emi • Ena • Erasa • Erito • Fanfan • Farmer • Fen • Fire Safety Kids • Forte • Fortuneteller Baba • Freddy Hein • Fyler • Gala • Gato • Geveta • Gevo • General Blue • General White • Gibachi • Grandma Hakkake • Grandma Paozu • Grandpa Gohan (DBE) •  Gyaosu • Hacchi • Haru • Hasky • Hasky's Followers • Haya • Hero • Hero Stadium Announcer • Hijiki • Hondawara • Honey • Hyororot • Idasa • Idasam • Ikose • Intergalactic Fighters • Isaza • Jajee •  Jam (Dragon Ball Fusions) • Jewel • Jimmy Firecracker • Jingle Village Chief • Juliana • Kabra • Kaede • Kagyu • Kajika • Kallon • Kalpochof • Kami of the Previous Generation • Kang • Karot • Kasal • Kasdan • Killa • King Chappa • King Kress • Kinoko Sarada • Kojiro • Kompas • Kong • Kooky Cook • Korinto • Krillin (Clone • Future • Cell) • Kurikinton Soramame • Lapis (Future • Cell) • Launch • Lazuli (Future • Cell) • Lime • Lody • Lord Jaguar • Lotta Cash • Mabon • Magenta • Mai (Future • DBE) • Maki • Mako Maruyama • Maloja• Mamako Omori • Manpuku Okawari • Maron • Marron • Master Chin • Master Mutaito (DBE) • Master Roshi (Future • DBE) • Master Shen • Men-Men • Mercenary Tao • Michael • Midori Norimaki • Mighty Mask • Miguel • Mint • Mint (World Mission) •  Miss Piiza • Mizore • Moden • Momo-chan • Monty • Monster Carrot's Henchmen • Mousse • Mousse and Eclair's children • Mozuku • Mr. Borbonne • Mr. Kingery • Mr. Lao • Mr. Musuka • Mr. Satan (Future • Universe 6) • Mr. Shu • Mugley • Murasaki Brothers • Nain • Nam • Nareg • Nejishiki • Ninja Murasaki • Note • Nok • Note • Oats • Old Scientist • Old Woman Spring • Olibu • Omori's Wife • Otokosuki • Ox-King (Future) • Pagos • Pamput • Panna • Pansy • Paopao • Pare • Pasta • Paul • Peasuke Soramame • Peco • Penguin Village Junior High Principal • Pepper Johnson • Pete Kobayashi • Peter • Pharaoh Totenhotep • Pigero • Pintar • Pirozhki • Piscuit • Pit Bull Pete • Plague • Plamo • Pocawatha • Pochimura • Polly Buckets • Princess Misa • Puck • Queen Kress • Ranfan • Rezok • Richest man in Gingertown • Rising Dragon • Roche •  Rock • Rocky Rivers • Rom • Rulah • Sachie Momochi • Satan City Mayor • Seki • Senbei Norimaki • Sharpner • Shen • Sergeant Nutz • Sheriff Rao • Sherman Priest • Shinseki • Shoken • Skale • Sky Dragon • Smitty • Soldier 15 • Sora • Spopovich • Staff Officer Black • Suno • Tamagoro Katayude • Tanmen • Taro Soramame • Terror • Thief Boy • Thunderbolt • Tien Shinhan (Clone • Future • Cell) • Tights • Tokunoshin Omori • Tommy • Traffic Agent Lady • Trunks • Tsubasa • Tsukutsun Tsun • Tsuntsunodanoteiyugo Tsun • Tsururin Tsun • Tsuruten Tsun • Turbo Norimaki • Udo • Upa • Uub • Uuby • Valese • Van Zant •  Videl • Village Elder • Viola • Vodka • Vodka's bodyguards • Vomi • Wairu • Wanta • Wayan Budhiyasa • Weaver • Wild Tiger • World Tournament Announcer • X.S. Cash •  Yajirobe (Future) • Yamcha (Clone • Future • DBE) • Yamu • Yaochun • Yoshito-kun • Yukio Kyumonji • Yurin • Yuzukar • Zalador • Zarid • Zen
	
	
Animal-Type Earthlings	Agarizame • Bear Thief • Captain Yellow • Donbe • General Bon • Hasky's Followers • Jasmine • Jinku • King Furry • Kondanuki • Konkichi • Man-Wolf • Monster Carrot • Mr. Pig • Oolong (Future) • Oonaan • Pongitsune • Puar (Future) • Shu (Future) • Sunglasses Crocodile • Torahachiro • Turtle (Future) • West City Mayor • Wombat and Biker • World Tournament Chairman • Yordon
	
	
Monster-Type Earthlings	Bandages the Mummy • Emperor Pilaf (Future) • Igor • King Gurumes • Paella • Vampire (Fangs the Vampire)
	
	
Earthling-Saiyan Hybrids	Akina • Beat • Bulla • Bulma Leigh • Captain Ginyu • Gohan (Clone • Future • Cell • Xeno • Future Warrior in Black) • Gohan Black • Goten (Xeno) • Trunks (Clone • Future • Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Pan (Xeno) • Goku Jr. • Vegeta Jr.
	
	
Earthling Cyborgs	Android 8 (Future) • Android 17 (Future • Cell) • Android 18 (Future • Cell) • Android 21 (Evil • Good) • Android 25 • Android 26 • Genome • Cell (Present • Future • Unseen • Xeno) • Cell Jr. • Dr. Gero (Future • Cell) • Dr. Kochin • Dr. Mashirito • Dr. Wheelo • Fu • Magenta • Mercenary Tao • Mira (Dark Empire)
	
	
Earthling Fusions	Arale 18 • Android 35 • Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Android 1920 • Bulpan • Butran • Cell 17 • Celluza • Chiaohan • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Chocof • Coohan • Eclon • EX Gohanks • EX Trunks • Failed Fusions • Future Gohanks • Gatob • Ginyuman • God Fusion Goku  • Gokule • Gorilin • Gotenks (EX • Xeno) • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Jacunks • Jamila • Kallohan • Krigohan • Majin Satan • Majuub • Miracora • Pandel • Pannan • Perfect 16 • Piratz • Prillin (EX) • Super 17 • Tanks • Tiencha (EX) • Tiradoola • Tiraf • Tirara • Ultra Fusion (Tekka) • Ultra Pinich • Vegenks • Xeno Vegeks • Yamta
	
	
Earthling Transformations	Max Power • Power Pole Pro • Beastman • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra)) • Black Water Mist (Demon Clan) • Ghost • Hi-Tension • Jiang Shi • Zombie
Super Saiyan (Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) (Rampaging) • Powerhouse (Second Grade • Third Grade) • Full Power) • Super Saiyan 2 (Super Saiyan Rage) • Super Saiyan 3 • Great Ape • Golden Great Ape (Super Saiyan 4) • Super Saiyan God (Saiyan beyond God • Super Saiyan Blue)
Perfected Ultra Instinct
	
	
Other Transformations	Kaio-ken • Ultimate (Beast) • Unlock Potential (Manipulation Sorcery) • Selflessness State • Tuffleization (Strongest Form 1) • Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement • Dragomin
	
	
Squadrons & Companies	Police (Galactic Patrol • MIR • Sunset City Police Department) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army • Red Pharmaceuticals) • Ninja Clan • Karinga Tribe • Kawa Tribe • Peck Peck Tribe • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Crane School (New Crane School) • Dog Dragon Gang • Panther-Fang School • Pilaf Gang • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Lucky Foods • Pod Corporation • Rabbit Mob • Royal Academy of Science • Dictator Army • Earth's Military (Earth's Resistance) • Gurumes Army • Kikoukenjutsu Sword School • Magical Pharmaceuticals • Mercenary Clan • Mutaito Training Academy • Mifan Army • Vodka Gang • Battle Ball Team • Red Shark Gang • Rockets • Taitans • Toad Warriors • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Hero Society • Nutz Gang • Romance Rangers • Warriors of Light) • Town Militia • ZTV (KBC News • Wide-Thigh Aerobics)
	
	
Wars, Conflicts & Tournaments	World Martial Arts Tournaments • Cell Games • Other World Tournament • Tournament of Destroyers • Zeno Expo • Tournament of Power • Super Space-Time Tournament
	

v · d · eTuffles	
	
Universe 7 Tuffles	Baby • Dr. Lychee • King Tuffle • Tuffle Parasites
	
	
Universe 6 Tuffles	Kamin • Oren
	
	
Universe 2 Tuffles	Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Infected/Hybrids	Trunks • Goten • Gohan •  Bulla • Pan • Vegeta (Xeno) • Earthlings (Bulma • Videl • Chi-Chi • Krillin • Android 18 • Marron • Master Roshi • Ox-King • Dr. Hedo • Oolong • Mr. Satan • Fortuneteller Baba • Launch • Farmer • Future Mai • King Furry • Yajirobe • Puar) • King Kai • Dende • Mr. Popo • Hirudegarn • Universe 6 Saiyans (Caulifla • Kale • Cabba • Caulifla's Gang • Renso • King Sadala) Jaco • Lemo • Cheelai • Unnamed Alien Boy
	
	
Tuffle Fusions	Baby Hatchiyack • Baby Janemba • Kamioren
	
	
Living Creations	Hatchiyack • Godgardon • Lychee's Monsters (Kinkarn • Arbee • Ponkarn • Kawazu • Jiku • Skud • Gure • Budo) • Machine Mutant (Dr. Myuu • General Rilldo • Giru • Commander Nezi • Bizu • Natt • Ribet • M-2 • Mutchy • Leon • Luud • Hell Fighter 17) • Bio-Warrior (White Bio-Man)
	
	
Transformations	Ghost Warrior
Formation
Neo Machine Mutant
Super Saiyan • Super Saiyan 2 • Tuffleized Super Saiyan (Strongest Form 1 • Strongest Form 2 • Golden Great Ape)
Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra))
Transcended
	
	
Related	Blutz Wave Generator • Dark Planet • Planet Plant • Ray Gun • Saiyans • Scouter
	
 
v · d · eWorld Martial Arts Tournament	
	
Staff	World Tournament Chairman • World Tournament Announcer (Future)
		
	
Contestants	
Pre-21st Tournament Debut	King Chappa • Spike the Devil Man
	
	
21st Tournament Debut	Bacterian • Fighter 40 • Fighter 69 • Fighter 83 • Fighter 97 • Great Lee • Bullies of the Orin Temple • Giran • Goku (Future • Cell) • Jackie Chun (Master Roshi) (Future) • Krillin (Future • Cell) • Nam • Ranfan • Yamcha (Future)
	
	
22nd Tournament Debut	Antoine the Great • Archdemon • Chiaotzu (Future) • Cyclops • Man-Wolf • Mohawked Fighter • Orc • Pamput • Saber tiger • Shaman • Sumo Wrestler • Tien Shinhan (Future • Cell)
	
	
23rd Tournament Debut	Anonymous (Chi-Chi) (Future) • Hero (Kami) (Future) • Cyborg Tao • Demon Jr. (Piccolo) (Future • Cell) • Yajirobe (Future)
	
	
24th Tournament Debut	Jewel • Killa • Mighty Mask • Mr. Satan • Pintar • Spopovich • Videl
	
	
25th Tournament Debut	Android 18 • Goten • Great Saiyaman (Gohan) • Idasa • Ikose • Kadopi • Kibito • Koryuu • Pyonatt • Shin (Supreme Kai) • Trunks • Vegeta • Yamu
	
	
26th Tournament Debut	Mr. Buu
	
	
28th Tournament Debut	Captain Chicken • Nareg • Nok • Otokosuki • Pan • Uub • Wild Tiger
	
	
31st Tournament Debut	Charlie • Matt Cat • Mugley • Papayaman (Majuub) • Super One
	
	
64th Tournament Debut	Goku Jr. • Vegeta Jr.
	

	
	
Related Articles	Cell Games • Papaya Island • Punching Machine
	

v · d · eTournament of Power	
	
Universe 2	Bikal • Harmira • Jimizu • Kakunsa • Prum • Rabanra • Ribrianne • Roasie • Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Universe 3	Agnilasa • Biarra • Borareta • Catopesra • Koicéareta • Koitsukai • Maji-Kayo • Narirama • Nigrissi • Pancéa • Paparoni • Za Priccio
	
	
Universe 4	Caway • Damom • Dercori • Gamisalas • Ganos • Majora • Monna • Nink • Shosa • Xiangca
	
	
Universe 6	Auta Magetta • Botamo • Cabba • Caulifla • Frost • Hit • Kale • Kefla • Pilina • Dr. Rota • Saonel
	
	
Universe 7	Android 17 • Android 18 • Frieza • Gohan • Goku • Krillin • Master Roshi • Piccolo • Tien Shinhan • Vegeta
	
	
Universe 9	Basil • Bergamo • Chappil • Comfrey • Hop • Hyssop • Lavender • Oregano • Roselle • Sorrel
	
	
Universe 10	Dium • Dyrasem • Methiop • Murichim • Murisam • Napapa • Obni • Rubalt • Rylibeu • Zircor
	
	
Universe 11	Cocotte • Dyspo • Jiren • Kahseral • K'nsi • Kettle • Top • Tupper • Vewon • Zoire