This article is about the planet.  For the planet's native populace, see Namekian.  For the language spoken by that race, see Namekian Language.  For the eleventh original Dragon Ball Z anime volume, see Namek (volume).

Namek

	
		
		
	
	

	
		Japanese

	
	ナメック星せい

	
		Romaji

	
	Namekku-sei

	
		Location

	
	Universe 7
Universe 6

	
		Ruler

	
	Grand Elder Guru (Universe 7)

	
		Inhabitants

	
	Namekians

	
		Orbital Period

	
	130 days&#91;1&#93;

	
		Date of Destruction

	
	December 24, Age 762&#91;2&#93; (Universe 7)
Age 780 (Universe 6; erased; restored)

Namek (ナメック星せい, Namekku-sei, lit. "Planet Namek") is a planet in a trinary star system&#91;3&#93; located at coordinates 9045XY within Universe 7.&#91;4&#93; It is the home planet of the Nameless Namekian, and Dende, along with other Namekians.

The planet was destroyed by Frieza on December 24, Age 762.&#91;2&#93; The Namekian people were relocated to New Namek after being refugees on Earth for roughly a year.&#91;1&#93;

Contents

1 Characteristics

2 Biography

2.1 Universe 7

2.1.1 Climate Shift

2.1.2 Invasion of Frieza

2.2 Universe 6

3 Landmarks

4 Fauna

5 Known Residents

6 Video Game Appearances

7 Trivia

8 Gallery

9 References

10 Site Navigation

Characteristics[]

The planet had a population of about 100 Namekians at the time of the Vegeta Saga&#91;4&#93; in November of Age 762. It is also home to a host of ambient life, such as fish, frogs, slugs and dinosaurs.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The surface of Planet Namek
 		 	 
Namek has three suns, so it is never nighttime. Despite this, depictions of the planet show there to be a dark side. It is possible that the planet is tidally locked to the star group, resulting in the lack of a day/night cycle, with the Namekians living on the daylight side of the planet. A Namekian year is much shorter than an Earth year, at 130 days long, as shown when the Namekians are reviving the Z Fighters who died fighting Nappa. As measured by Bulma on arrival, the Namekian atmosphere does partly consist of oxygen. The Namekians could use this for their respiration process.

Biography[]

Universe 7[]

Planet Namek once was a beautiful meadow covered by Ajisa and the Namekians developed a civilization capable of interstellar travel.&#91;5&#93; At one point, they discovered a Super Dragon Ball and shaved off pieces to create the Namekian Dragon Balls which the gods permitted them to keep as they only used them amongst themselves and were a peaceful people.&#91;6&#93;

Climate Shift[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Violent storms ravage Namek in Age 261
 		 	 
In Age 261, a horrible climate shift wiped out all the Namekians except Guru and a few Super Namekians who were exiled before. One unnamed Namekian, the child of Katas, a gifted child of the Dragon Clan, was sent off to Earth as a child to ensure his survival.&#91;7&#93; Guru believed himself to be the last Namek alive until he heard that the son of Katas had made it to Earth safely. Fortunately, he was able to re-populate the planet, since Nameks reproduce asexually, giving birth to 109 Namekians. Guru's children began re-building the planet, especially the lush vegetation that had been destroyed in the storms.&#91;8&#93;

Invasion of Frieza[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The village of the Three-Star Dragon Ball, destroyed by Frieza
 		 	 
During the Namek Saga, Planet Namek was terrorized by the vile Frieza and his henchmen, Dodoria and Zarbon. The planet was ultimately destroyed by Frieza as a last-ditch effort to kill Goku in their battle during the Frieza Saga, as he was able to survive without oxygen in space. All Namekians killed by Frieza and his henchmen, which did not include the deaths caused by Vegeta, were brought back to life and transported to Earth. The Namekians lived on Earth for roughly 260 days before being resettled on New Namek. Namek's destruction was referenced by Dore of Cooler's Armored Squadron, when wondering why Piccolo was not on his home planet where he belongs before Neiz reminds him of the planet's fate.&#91;9&#93;

Universe 6[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Planet Namek in Universe 6
 		 	 
When Team Universe 6 lost in the Tournament of Power, Namek was erased with the rest of Universe 6. It was later restored when the erased universes were restored.&#91;10&#93;

Landmarks[]

Maima Region: The place where Frieza's Spaceship touched down on Planet Namek. Vegeta and Goku were healed here by medical machines aboard the ship. In the Viz translation, this place is called the Shell Region.

Moori's village: The village governed by Moori, and Dende's hometown. With a total population of 11, it is a village with a comparatively small number of people. All of the villagers were wiped out by for resisting Frieza, except Dende, who was saved by Gohan and Krillin.

Grand Elder Guru's House: A house is built upon a high rock on Planet Namek. It is where the Namekian Grand Elder lives. Frieza's scouter indicated it as being in Point 8829401 of Planet Namek. Krillin visited here in order to obtain a Namekian Dragon Ball, and he later brought Gohan here in order to have Grand Elder Guru draw out his dormant power. Frieza visited here to get information on the method of summoning Porunga. The house was later destroyed when it fell into the river of lava during the planet's destruction. In Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, a time rift anomaly forms around it after a Distorted Time Egg is left there by the Evil Namekian Lord Slug. It is also one of several places from Namek that appear inside the Timespace Rift in Dragon Ball Fusions.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The old temple's entrance
 		 	 
Tsuno's village: The village governed by Tsuno. Its total population was 20 people. The village was destroyed by Vegeta.

Old temple: A location only in Dragon Ball Z: The Legacy of Goku.

Fauna[]

Namekian Dinosaurs 01

Namekian Dinosaurs 02

Namekian Bird

Namekian Flying creature

Namekian Crabs

Namekian Giant Crab

Namekian Giant Oyster

Namekian Fishes

Namekian Plesiosaurus-like creature

Namekian Sea Creatures

Namekian Frog

		

Known Residents[]

Katas

Nameless Namekian

Dende

Cargo

Nail

Maima

Moori

Elder Tsuno

Tsumuri

Grand Elder Guru

Porunga – Only when summoned using the Dragon Balls, Namekian equivalent to Shenron.

Lord Slug – Only appears in the film of the same name. In the dub, he was one of the evil Super Namekians banished from Namek, while in the original Japanese he was sent off-world as a baby to Planet Slug as a result of the same cataclysm that lead the Nameless Namekian to be sent to Earth. In Xenoverse 2, he briefly returns to his original homeworld to leave behind Towa's Distorted Time Egg 3 with Guru, which creates the large time rift around Guru's House. Also travels to Namek in Age 762 in order to obtain the Namekian Dragon Balls to attain complete immortality.&#91;11&#93;

Fargo&#91;12&#93; - Sent off world like the Nameless Namekian and Lord Slug and was found and raised by the Frieza Force. Appears in Dragon Ball Fusions.

Moolin&#91;12&#93; - A young son of Guru's who heard stories of the Demon King Piccolo and began causing childish mischief as Demon King Moolin. Appears in Dragon Ball Fusions.

Saonel - In Universe 6.

Pilina - In Universe 6.

Video Game Appearances[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Namek in Zenkai Battle
 		 	 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Namek in J-Stars Victory Vs
 		 	 
Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza

Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z III: Ressen Jinzōningen

Dragon Ball Z: Gekitō Tenkaichi Budōkai

Dragon Ball Z

Dragon Ball Z: Super Butōden

Dragon Ball Z: Idainaru Son Goku Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Super Gokuden: Kakusei-Hen

Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden

Dragon Ball Z: Shin Butōden

Dragon Ball Z: Buyū Retsuden

Dragon Ball Z: Hyper Dimension

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22

Dragon Ball Z: The Legend

Dragon Ball Z: The Legacy of Goku

Dragon Ball Z: Legendary Super Warriors

Dragon Ball Z: Taiketsu

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 2

Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 3

Dragon Ball Z: Sagas

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi

Super Dragon Ball Z

Battle Stadium D.O.N

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2

Jump Ultimate Stars

Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3

Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2

Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai

Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai - Another Road

Dragon Ball Z: Burst Limit

Dragon Ball Z: Infinite World

Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Battlers

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast

Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2

Dragon Ball Heroes

Dragon Ball Kai: Ultimate Butōden

Dragon Ball: Zenkai Battle

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Z For Kinect

Dragon Ball: Tap Battle

J-Stars Victory Vs

Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Z

Dragon Ball: Ultimate Swipe

Dragon Ball Xenoverse

Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2

Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle

Dragon Ball Fusions

Dragon Ball FighterZ

Dragon Ball Legends

Jump Force

Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot

Dragon Ball: Sparking! Zero

		

In Jump Force, Namek is to have merged with the real-world Liberty Island as the Statue of Liberty can be seen half-buried within the planet.

In Dokkan Battle, Planet Namek appears as a stage during certain events and the maps for Yunzabit Heights use the same terrain as the Namek stage. Additionally, in Assemble! Warriors of Universe 6: "Namekians of Universe 6", Planet Namek of Universe 6 appears as a stage and Saonel notes to Pilina how quiet the planet has become quiet since they assimilated their brethren before they decide to train on Namek while waiting for the Tournament of Power to begin.

In Dragon Ball Fusions, sections of the planet appear in Area 2F of Timespace Rift.

In Kakarot, Namek is the primary setting of the game's Frieza Saga which combines the Namek, Captain Ginyu, and Frieza Sagas.

Trivia[]

Planet Namek's name derives from Namekuji, which is Japanese for "slug".

Akira Toriyama was infamous for never wanting to draw scenes in big cities, as natural, rural settings were easier to draw, and for not wanting to draw scenes set in the night. Creating the planet Namek got rid of both of these problems for him, he was able to set scenes in a rural world where there was no night.

A large number of Dragon Ball Z episodes are set on Namek (44-107). This drew criticism, giving rise to the popular internet meme, "Are They Still on Namek?"

During the Granolah the Survivor Saga, it is revealed that the Namekians living in Universe 7 didn't originate from Planet Namek as they apparently came from some other realm. Additionally it is also revealed that a group of Namekians once lived on Planet Cereal though the Dragon Clan elder Monaito (caretaker of the Cerealian Dragon Balls) is the only Namekian survivor of the Saiyan Army's attack due to the noble actions of Bardock who entrusted the orphaned Granolah to his care after his mother Muezli was killed by the Heeter Elec.

Gallery[]

Planet Namek

The surface of Planet Namek

The Three-Star Dragon Ball village

Graveyards on Namek

Frieza and Goku facing off on Namek

Grand Elder Guru's house

Planet Namek erupting

A dying Planet Namek

Crater left from Goku's Angry Kamehameha

Explosions on Namek

Dying Namek's lava

Planet Namek beginning to explode

Namek's final seconds

Planet Namek exploding

The remains of Planet Namek floating through space

Damaged side of Namek in Budokai Tenkaichi 3

The Namek map in Infinite World

Planet Namek in Zenkai Battle Royale

Planet Namek in Tap Battle

Dying Namek stage in Battle of Z

Namek in J-Stars Victory Vs

Frieza's spaceship on Namek in J-Stars Victory Vs

Capsule Corporation spaceship on Namek in J-Stars Victory Vs

Capsule Corporation spaceship on Namek in J-Stars Victory Vs

		

References[]

↑ 1.0 1.1 "Dragon Ball Z" episode 107, Goku's Alive!!

↑ 2.0 2.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 106, "Namek's Explosion... Goku's End?"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 53, "Zarbon's Surprise"

↑ 4.0 4.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 36, "Picking Up the Pieces"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 50, "Unexpected Problem"

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 28, "The 6th Universe's Destroyer! His Name Is Champa!"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 54, "Guru's Gift"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 51, "Vegeta Has a Ball"

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge, 1991

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 131, "A Miraculous Conclusion! Farewell Goku! Until We Meet Again!"

↑ Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, 2016

↑ 12.0 12.1 Dragon Ball Fusions, 2016

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eNamekians	
	
Universe 7 Namekians	Android 76 • Bolon • Bongo • Bongo • Cargo • Cital • Copycat Nail • Cymbal • Dark Vassals of the past • Datsum • Dende (Future • Xeno) • Drum • Eemai • Esca • Escart • Fargo • First Narak • Gamelan • Ghiro • Guru • Ikago • Jijee • Kagyu • Kami (Future) • Katas • King Piccolo (Lord Piccolo) • Lord Slug (Xeno) • Lugo • Mai Mai • Maima • Mekuji • Monaito • Moolin • Moori (Future) • Nail (Future) • Nameless Namekian • Necke • Piano • Piccolo (Future • Cell • Namekian in Black) • Ryuto • Scarl • Seeker • Shale • Snei • Tambourine • Tanta • Toomlin • Toronbon • Tsumuri • Tsumuri (Namekian Hero) • Tsuno • Ukatz • Ukulele • Uzma • Uzum • Vibra • Week
	
	
Universe 6 Namekians	Pilina • Saonel
	
	
Demon Realm Namekians	Neva
	
	
Fusions	Android Bukha 76 • Android Butor 76 • Biwanei • Cell 17 • Celluza • Demon King Daccolo • Den-Goku • EX Prilin • Ghirober • Ghirolto • Kallohan • Kibicollo Kai • Ultra Fusion (Namekian) • Perfect 16 • Picohan • Planet Namek Savior • Prilin • Rumotal • Sagelin • Saibalin • Sealas (Fused) • Ultra Pinich • Unnamed fusion of Piccolo and Dr. Mashirito • Uzmai
	
	
Transformations	Great Namekian (Super Giant-Form • Gigantification • Dark Giant)
Super Namekian
Red-eyed Namekian form (Blue-eyed Namekian form)
	
	
Other transformations	Kaio-ken
Power Awakening (Orange Piccolo • Beast)
Dark Ki
Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra))
Manipulation Sorcery (King of Destruction)
Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement
Transcended
	
	
Castes	Dragon Clan (Healer-type Namekian) • Warrior-type Namekian • Demon Clan (King Piccolo's Demon Clan • Dark Vassals • Dark Namekians • Fallen Dark Namekian • Narak-type Namekians)
	
	
Related articles	Ajisa • Ahms • Android 21 (Good • Evil) • Black Smoke Shenron (Shadow Dragon) • Cell (Present • Future • Xeno • Cells) • Cell Jr. • Dark Shenron • Demon Clothes (Weighted Clothing) • Demon Realm (Namek) • Dragon Team (Z Fighters) • Earth (Isuri's Lake • The Lookout • Yunzabit Heights • Piccolo's House) • Piccolo Day • Mr. Poko Poko • Mrs. Crab • Namek • Namekian Book of Legends • Namekian Dragon Ball • Namekian Frog (Captain Ginyu • Bulma (Future) • Tagoma) • Namekian Fusion • Namekian Language • Namekrystal • Nameless Namekian's Spaceship • New Namek • Porunga (Demon Realm) • Shenron (Future) • Tamagami (One • Two • Three) • Toronbo • Troublemaker Education • Ultimate Shenron