Articles on
Piccolo
	
Introduction • Biography • Power and Abilities • Misc • Gallery
	

This article is about Piccolo Jr..  For other name uses, see Piccolo (disambiguation).  

"It's ironic, isn't it? After all my years of training to defeat your father, I go out like this trying to save you; his son."

— "Goku's Arrival"

	

Piccolo

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

ピッコロ

Pikkoro

	
		Alias

	
	King Piccolo
Junior (Jr.)
Ma'ō
Ma Junior
Demon Junior
Green Man (by Raditz)
Mr. Piccolo (by Gohan)
Kamiccolo (by Goku)
Satan
The Grill Master
Kami (by Korin)[1]
Little Green Bug (by Broly)[2]
Red Ribbon Soldier 94[3]

Debuts

	
		Appears in

	
	Dragon BallDragon Ball ZDragon Ball GTDragon Ball SuperSuper Dragon Ball Heroes

	
		Manga Debut

	
	"The Fist of Son Goku"

	
		Anime Debut

	
	"Lost and Found"

	
		Movie Debut

	
	Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone

	
		Game Debut

	
	Famicom Jump: Hero Retsuden

Characteristics

	
		Race

	
	Demonic Namekian[4]

	
		Height

	
	226 cm (7'5")[5]

	
		Weight

	
	116 kg (255 lbs)[5]

	
		Birth Date

	
	May 9, Age 753

	
		Death Date(s)

	
	November 3, Age 762
May 8, Age 774[6]
Age 779[7]
Age 789[8]

Professional Status

	
		Occupation

	
	Martial Artist
Babysitter
Galactic Patroller (temporarily deputized)
Swordsman[9]

	
		Allegiance

	
	King Piccolo's Demon Clan (Formerly)
Dragon Team
Team Universe 7
Galactic Patrol
Red Ribbon Army (temporarily; undercover)[3]

	
		Address

	
	The Lookout (Formerly)
Mountain Near Gohan's House[10] (Formerly)
Piccolo's House[3]

Personal Status

	
		Relatives

	
	Katas (grandparent/third parent/past life parent)
Nameless Namekian (parent)
King Piccolo (parent/past self)
Kami (parent's good counterpart)
Dark Vassals of the past (siblings)
Ukulele (sibling)
Piano (sibling)
Tambourine (sibling)
Cymbal (sibling)
Drum (sibling)
Unnamed Adoptive Parents
Guru (second parent)
Dende (sibling)
Cargo (sibling)
Moori (sibling)
Nail (sibling)
Tsuno (sibling)
Esca (sibling)
Tanissh (relative)
Tsuburi (sibling)
Planet Namek Savior (relative)
Moolin (sibling)[11]
Necke (sibling)[12]
Over 96 other relatives

	
		Counterparts

	
	Nameless Namekian
Future Piccolo
Future Piccolo (Cell's timeline)
Namekian in Black

	
		Mentors

	
	King Kai
Cynthia (Driving Instructor)

	
		Students

	
	Gohan
Goten
Trunks
Pan

Piccolo Jr. (ピッコロ・ジュニア, Pikkoro Junia, lit. "Piccolo Junior"), usually just called Piccolo and also known as Ma Junior (マジュニア, Ma Junia), is a Namekian and also the final child and reincarnation of King Piccolo, later becoming the reunification of the Nameless Namekian after fusing with Kami, at which point he was once referred to as Kamiccolo (神コロ様, Kamikoro-sama) by Goku. According to Grand Elder Guru, Piccolo, along with Kami and King Piccolo, are part of the Dragon Clan, who were the original creators of the Dragon Balls.

A wise and cunning warrior, he was the main antagonist in the final saga of Dragon Ball, the Piccolo Jr. Saga, and was thus a ruthless enemy of Goku. However, starting with the first saga of Dragon Ball Z, the Raditz Saga, he began to lose all villainous traits, and when he started training Goku's son Gohan during the Vegeta Saga which led to the two developing a strong bond, he became a permanent member of the Dragon Team and eventually one of Earth's greatest heroes.

Contents

1 Appearance

2 Personality

3 References

4 External links

5 Site Navigation

	
		
				
					
					
				
			Quick Answers

		

		
	

	
			
				
					What is the significance of the name 'Piccolo Jr.' in the Dragon Ball series?
						
				
				
					
						In the Dragon Ball series, Piccolo Jr., also referred to as Ma Junior, is the reincarnation of King Piccolo and becomes the unified Nameless Namekian after merging with Kami. The alias 'Junior' or 'Ma Junior' (with 'Ma' signifying demon) is adopted by Piccolo during a tournament, intending to avenge his father's defeat. He belongs to the Dragon Clan, the original creators of the Dragon Balls.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Who is King Piccolo and what is his relationship with Piccolo?
						
				
				
					
						King Piccolo, a villain in Dragon Ball, caused chaos on Earth before Goku defeated him. Before his death, King Piccolo birthed his final son, Piccolo Jr., also known as Piccolo. They are spiritually linked, meaning one's death results in the other's demise. Piccolo, initially Goku's rival, becomes an ally and is responsible for Goku's death in Dragon Ball Z, albeit Goku willingly sacrificed himself to defeat Raditz and was subsequently revived.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					How does Piccolo's height compare to other characters in Dragon Ball Z?
						
				
				
					
						Piccolo, a Namekian, is among the tallest characters in Dragon Ball Z. King Piccolo, specifically, is significantly taller than most characters, including Goku. Other Namekians, such as Kami, have not been directly compared to Piccolo in terms of height. Some characters, like Frieza, have variable heights, with Frieza reaching Goku's height in Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ‘F’.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is the story behind Piccolo's fusion with Kami?
						
				
				
					
						In response to a threat surpassing the Androids, Kami consents to a fusion with Piccolo. This fusion serves as a power enhancement for Piccolo rather than a reunion of their divided identities. The fusion reinstates their former identity and imparts Kami's extensive wisdom and knowledge to Piccolo, resulting in his transformation into a Super Namek. This fusion also impacts the Dragon Balls.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is the nature of Piccolo's relationship with Gohan in Dragon Ball Z?
						
				
				
					
						Piccolo sensed Gohan's immense potential and trained him to defend Earth from the Saiyans. This initially intimidating relationship evolved into a deep bond, with Piccolo even sacrificing himself for Gohan. Gohan considers Piccolo a surrogate uncle, a relationship that facilitated Piccolo's transition from evil to good.
					

					
						Provided by: Community
					

					

				

			
	

Appearance[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Piccolo with his manga colors (WJ #12, 1993)
 		 	 
Piccolo is a very tall and muscular Namekian. While greatly resembling his father/incarnation, he is noticeably shorter and somewhat thinner, though his father's extreme height appears to have been a personal choice on his part to give himself a further intimidating appearance as opposed to naturally occuring. He also has a more solid facial structure with less pronounced cheekbones, a rounder chin, and a straight nose. Piccolo only has four fingers with black nails in the Dragon Ball manga, but five fingers with white nails in the anime series and the Dragon Ball Super manga. He has several colored patches of skin with red borders and thin black lines going across them on his arms, legs, and stomach, which are pink in the anime and yellow in the manga (and in Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero and Dragon Ball Daima).

Piccolo Jr.'s outfit when he was a kid is very similar to the one King Piccolo is first seen wearing, with the same color scheme shown on the Kanzenban manga covers. From the time he is a young adult onward, Piccolo wears a dark purplish-blue gi, pointy orange shoes and sky-blue obi (red in the manga). When not fighting seriously, Piccolo also wears a white turban with a dark purple blue top and a white cape along with it. The turban was initially depicted with two pointy dangling ends for his debut in in the manga plus in the next episode preview of Dragon Ball Episode 134 (including one shot in the respective episode where Tien is observing him), only to disappear from his design shortly thereafter.

Like Goku, Piccolo generally wears and trains with weighted clothing. The cape itself is not weighted, but there is weighted padding underneath; this is seen twice in the series: when his cape is damaged while fighting Frieza in his second form, and when it is damaged by Lord Slug's henchmen. As the series went on, Piccolo Jr.'s outfit became more his own and by the time he faced the Androids. The outfit's neckline becomes more lowcut like Goku's outfit, minus Goku's own undershirt. In the manga, many of the movies, and certain video games (Supersonic Warriors 2 and Super Dragon Ball Z), Piccolo wears a red obi rather than a sky blue one.

Even though Piccolo Jr. discards his old symbol, he uses it once in the series when he made his pupil Gohan a uniform after his previous outfit was torn in a Great Ape transformation. In the anime, when both of them are forced by Goku's wife Chi-Chi to go to driving school, Piccolo wears an old outfit of Goku's, which he despised wearing.[13]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Piccolo's Red Ribbon Army soldier disguise in Super Hero
 		 	 
In Super Hero, Piccolo's outfit is changed slightly. His gi is a slightly brighter shade of purple, the neckline is cut even lower than before, and he has a red obi, like the manga and other films. His shoes are olive brown, rounder at the tips, and have grays soles at the bottom. In order to infiltrate the Red Ribbon Army base, Piccolo dons the uniform of a Red Ribbon Army soldier that features the number 94 on the chest (which is a Japanese wordplay nodding to how Pan calls him "Piccoyo").

Personality[]

Throughout the franchise, regardless of Piccolo's allegiance, his general demeanor has always been stern, if not grumpy, with an indifferent attitude towards others. Piccolo rarely smiles and enjoys solitude. Piccolo is frequently seen meditating in quiet places and drinking thawed ice water in the north area.[5] However, he shows a noticeable cockiness when fighting. He can also be very confrontational toward people, showing very direct and honest opinions about a situation or an individual. Piccolo is known for his very precise and efficient methods in battle and likewise is shown to be very analytical and tactical in battle, able to see through his opponent's skills and weaknesses to devise effective strategies for victory. In the Baby Saga, Baby openly acknowledged Piccolo as one of the most brilliant fighters in the galaxy.

Originally, Piccolo inherited his father's desire for world domination and destroying Goku. He was determined to prove his superiority and possessed many of the villainous properties of his father, such as a violent and destructive nature and a total disregard for anything besides victory. This was shown during his battle with Goku in the 23rd World Martial Arts Tournament, where he shows almost no mercy for his opponent, breaking all of Goku's limbs while laughing sadistically, believing it was necessary after what Goku had done to his father. Despite all this, Piccolo was not without a measure of restraint and honor, as he for no reason saved a mother and daughter from debris during a storm.[14] He also let Krillin walk away after submitting in the tournament. Piccolo has also shown traits of pragmatism, teaming up with his archrival Goku and later the rest of the Z Fighters when the threat of the Saiyans proves to be too much for him alone, citing the aliens' defeat as a shared goal. According to Goku, his overall evil nature became more of a stubborn and angry attitude than flat-out villainous.

After his battle against Goku, Piccolo gradually began to develop for the better as the evil nature only dwelled through his desire to destroy Goku inherited from his father. Later, when he and Goku team up to battle Raditz, Piccolo began to show more respect during the battle, even commemorating Goku on his noble sacrifice despite still considering him an enemy and, during the battle against Nappa, praised the other Z Fighters' bravery and tactics.

While training Goku's young son, Gohan, while originally only for to prepare for the coming Saiyans, Piccolo's heart and motives quickly begin to change as the boy takes his time to talk with Piccolo and have normal discussions that do not result in a violent outbreak, this stemming from Gohan agreeing on Goku's views of Piccolo now being more grumpy than truly evil. During the time he was training Gohan, both Mr. Popo and Kami noted the change in Piccolo's personality with Mr. Popo noting he was no longer the Demon King of old referencing his loss of Demon Clan status and Kami himself surmised that he had the same premonition of death that Kami himself had and that Piccolo wanted to leave behind some kind of legacy even if it was in the son of his sworn enemy. Around the start of Gohan's training Piccolo told Gohan that if he feels resentment towards him, then he should curse his own fate like Piccolo did, indicating Kami was right about Piccolo's motivation. During the battle with Nappa, Piccolo goes as far as to sacrifice his life to save Gohan, stating how his friendship and love had changed him forever. Piccolo has stated that Gohan was the first person to see him not as a monster and was proud to call him his friend. From then on, Piccolo became very protective of Gohan, proud in his growth as a man and seeing Gohan almost like a little brother, to which Gohan himself came to care for Piccolo as a dear uncle. This also truly cemented his change from evil to good and a true friend and team-mate for the Z Fighters. He also came to view Goku in a similar light as a dear friend and ally as after being teleported from the self-destructing Planet Namek and learning of Goku's intentions, Piccolo noted he would have preferred to fight alongside the noble warrior to the end, showing his respect for the Earth's savior.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Piccolo and the two Namekians who inhabit his body
 		 	 
Despite having spent most of his life unaware of his origins as an alien rather than a demon and shocked to learn such, Piccolo came to appreciate learning this truth. To which, upon learning of Frieza's genocidal attack on the Namekians, Piccolo was determined to fight Frieza and avenge his people, even when King Kai warned him of the danger Frieza's might possesses. After fusing with Nail and acquiring all his knowledge of Namekian culture, Piccolo felt whole as a person, now able to understand his roots. The greatest change in his character was when he made the choice to remerge with Kami so he could battle the androids. Kami's willingness to do this showed how little evil was left in Piccolo, trusting that Piccolo would use the extra strength along with Kami's divine powers and centuries-worth of experience for good. Once reunited, all remaining traces of evil disappeared from Piccolo. Furthermore, after remerging with Kami, Piccolo also gained tremendous levels of care for the Lookout, becoming extremely distraught upon seeing it destroyed during Gotenks' battle with Super Buu, to the point of leaving him completely distracted from the ongoing battle and unaware of incoming attacks that could potentially kill him.

While still having a stern demeanor for the most part, Piccolo showed genuine compassion for all living being beyond those he deemed a friend, as he tried to get Cell to spare the man in Ginger Town. Furthermore, during the Fusion Saga, when Super Buu exterminates the human race with a single attack, Piccolo drops to his knees, both in shame for suggesting Buu to kill more humans (believing that it was necessary in order to bide time for Goten and Trunks to train, and as the Earthlings could be restored to life with the Dragon Balls) and horror, with Piccolo desperately hoping for redemption and vowing to bring them all back to life. Although he still has little to say unless it involves battle and does not seem to understand the concept of romance, referring to it as "mushy stuff", although this is understandable since Namekians lack romantic relations.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Piccolo, both stressed and angry
 		 	 
As Piccolo carries on in life, he becomes slightly more relaxed and joyful, which simultaneously made it easier to stress and annoy him. He would partake and enjoy various parties and social events, including Bulma's birthday and Gohan's wedding. Even more, in Dragon Ball Super, Piccolo's kindness continued to show, displaying a gentler and nurturing side, helping in the raising of Pan, showing a very efficient job of it as he had a whole list set up on what to do for the baby and genuinely enjoyed it. His raising of Pan also shows his more joyful and silly side, playing Peek-a-Boo with Pan when no one was looking and revealing that he actually sings to Pan whenever she cried at night, though he takes pains to hide this. He has since taken it upon himself to teach her martial arts with the promise of ki usage training once she proves herself ready. In Dragon Ball GT, his compassion and selflessness were even willing to sacrifice his life permanently to make sure the Black Star Dragon Balls remained unusable. While encouraging Gohan to find his own path in life, he still firmly believes that Gohan must keep up his training to better protect that which he loves. To which, he proudly accepted Gohan's request to retraining him after the second battle against Frieza cost Piccolo his life again to save Gohan. During which, Piccolo retains his harsh and merciless training methods, all in the goal of restoring Gohan's fighting instinct and true power.

Unlike most Namekians, Piccolo has a history of consuming solid food in addition to the Namekians normally liquid diet of water. As a child, he is seen catching and eating a fish. Even after it is revealed Namekians only require water to survive, Piccolo occasionally eats solid food. In Dragon Ball Super he can be seen occasionally with a plate of food during various social gathers implying Piccolo eats socially. However, his favorite food is water from the Northern Mountains indicating he still retains a normal Namekian diet in addition to eating solid food. In Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero, when Videl offers to bring him food as reward for picking up Pan from kindergarten, Piccolo reminds her that he doesn't need to eat food to survive and can merely live off of water, suggesting that Piccolo ceased eating solid food entirely.

In Xenoverse, Piccolo is shown to have learned from his father's mistakes even using Master Mutaito's defeat of King Piccolo with the Electric Rice Cooker and Evil Containment Wave as an analogy of why one must use whatever items or abilities one has at their disposal to win. This is further shown in the original manga/anime by Piccolo's development of the Evil Containment Wave Reflection technique which he used to counter Kami's use of the Evil Containment Wave essentially removing the one threat his father had feared the most.

References[]

↑ Dragon Ball Super chapter 92, "New Androids"

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Broly - The Legendary Super Saiyan, 1993

↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero, 2022

↑ Dragon Ball Super chapter 10, "Frost's True Form"

↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 Dragon Ball: Super Exciting Guide, 2009

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 277, "End of Earth"

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 22 "Change! An Unexpected Return! His Name Is Ginyu!!"

↑ Dragon Ball GT episode 40, "Piccolo's Decision"

↑ Cross Epoch, 2006

↑ Dragon Ball Volume ‘F’, 2015

↑ Dragon Ball Fusions, 2016

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot, 2020

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 125, "Goku's Ordeal"

↑ Dragon Ball episode 133, "Changes"

External links[]

Capsule Corporation Headquarters

Piccolo at Wikipedia

Piccolo at GoThumb

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eNamekians	
	
Universe 7 Namekians	Android 76 • Bolon • Bongo • Bongo • Cargo • Cital • Copycat Nail • Cymbal • Dark Vassals of the past • Datsum • Dende (Future • Xeno) • Drum • Eemai • Esca • Escart • Fargo • First Narak • Gamelan • Ghiro • Guru • Ikago • Jijee • Kagyu • Kami (Future) • Katas • King Piccolo (Lord Piccolo) • Lord Slug (Xeno) • Lugo • Mai Mai • Maima • Mekuji • Monaito • Moolin • Moori (Future) • Nail (Future) • Nameless Namekian • Necke • Piano • Piccolo (Future • Cell • Namekian in Black) • Ryuto • Scarl • Seeker • Shale • Snei • Tambourine • Tanta • Toomlin • Toronbon • Tsumuri • Tsumuri (Namekian Hero) • Tsuno • Ukatz • Ukulele • Uzma • Uzum • Vibra • Week
	
	
Universe 6 Namekians	Pilina • Saonel
	
	
Demon Realm Namekians	Neva
	
	
Fusions	Android Bukha 76 • Android Butor 76 • Biwanei • Cell 17 • Celluza • Demon King Daccolo • Den-Goku • EX Prilin • Ghirober • Ghirolto • Kallohan • Kibicollo Kai • Ultra Fusion (Namekian) • Perfect 16 • Picohan • Planet Namek Savior • Prilin • Rumotal • Sagelin • Saibalin • Sealas (Fused) • Ultra Pinich • Unnamed fusion of Piccolo and Dr. Mashirito • Uzmai
	
	
Transformations	Great Namekian (Super Giant-Form • Gigantification • Dark Giant)
Super Namekian
Red-eyed Namekian form (Blue-eyed Namekian form)
	
	
Other transformations	Kaio-ken
Power Awakening (Orange Piccolo • Beast)
Dark Ki
Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra))
Manipulation Sorcery (King of Destruction)
Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement
Transcended
	
	
Castes	Dragon Clan (Healer-type Namekian) • Warrior-type Namekian • Demon Clan (King Piccolo's Demon Clan • Dark Vassals • Dark Namekians • Fallen Dark Namekian • Narak-type Namekians)
	
	
Related articles	Ajisa • Ahms • Android 21 (Good • Evil) • Black Smoke Shenron (Shadow Dragon) • Cell (Present • Future • Xeno • Cells) • Cell Jr. • Dark Shenron • Demon Clothes (Weighted Clothing) • Demon Realm (Namek) • Dragon Team (Z Fighters) • Earth (Isuri's Lake • The Lookout • Yunzabit Heights • Piccolo's House) • Piccolo Day • Mr. Poko Poko • Mrs. Crab • Namek • Namekian Book of Legends • Namekian Dragon Ball • Namekian Frog (Captain Ginyu • Bulma (Future) • Tagoma) • Namekian Fusion • Namekian Language • Namekrystal • Nameless Namekian's Spaceship • New Namek • Porunga (Demon Realm) • Shenron (Future) • Tamagami (One • Two • Three) • Toronbo • Troublemaker Education • Ultimate Shenron
	

v · d · eDragon Team	
	
Members	Goku (Xeno) • Yamcha • Krillin • Master Roshi • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu • Yajirobe • Piccolo • Gohan (Xeno) • Vegeta (Xeno) • Trunks • Goten (Xeno) • Android 18 • Good Buu (Grand Supreme Kai) • Android 17 • Pan (Xeno) • Uub • Goku Jr.
	
	
Supporters	Bulma • Oolong • Puar • Chi-Chi • Ox-King • Launch • Turtle • World Tournament Announcer • Dr. Brief • Bikini • Scratch • Korin • Fortuneteller Baba • Kami • Mr. Popo • King Yemma • King Kai • Bubbles • Gregory • Dende • Moori • Marron • Pybara • Shin • Kibito • Kibito Kai • Mr. Satan • Videl • Bee • Old Kai • Tarble • Gure • Beerus • Whis • Tights • Jaco • Galactic King • Merus • Calamis • Irico • Esca • Monaka • Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu • Cabba • Gowasu • Zeno • Bulla • Giru • Valese
	
	
Allies	Nam • Suno • Android 8 • Arale Norimaki • Gatchan • Senbei Norimaki • Turbo Norimaki • Bora • Upa • Grandpa Gohan • King Furry • Annin • Hero • Pansy • Kooky Cook • Melone • Grand Elder Guru • Nail • Necke • Maima • Tsumuri • Icarus • Maron • Vomi • Android 16 • Olibu • West Kai • South Kai • East Kai • Grand Kai • Pikkon • Erasa • Tapion • Glorio • Panzy • Kadan • Neva • Majin Kuu • Hit • Reality Machine #2 • Cocoa Amaguri • Yurin • Cell Jr. • Broly • Cheelai • Lemo • Granolah • Monaito • Oatmeel • Dr. Hedo • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Bardock (Xeno) • Neko Majin Z • Leena • Doma • Bon Para • Son Para • Don Para • Ledgic • Unnamed Alien Boy • Sugoro • Shusugoro • Nuova Shenron • Puck • Chronoa • Tokitoki • Jiren • Putine • Salsa • Hearts • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Bardock (Xeno) • Beat • Note • Froze • Kagyu • Kabra • Zen • Chamel • Nim • Fen • Wairu • Mecha Goku • Android 21 (Good)
	
	
Future Counterparts	
Members	Future Trunks (Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Future Gohan (Cell) • Future Goku (Cell) • Future Vegeta (Cell) • Future Piccolo (Cell) • Future Krillin (Cell) • Future Yamcha • Future Tien Shinhan (Cell) • Future Chiaotzu • Future Yajirobe
	
	
Supporters & Allies	Future Android 8 • Future Bulma • Future Chi-Chi • Future Master Roshi • Future Puar • Future Turtle • Future Oolong • Future Ox-King • Future Dr. Brief • Future Scratch • Future King Yemma • Future Dende • Future King Kai • Future Korin • Future Kami • Future Shin • Future Kibito • Future Mai • Future Old Kai • Future Mr. Satan • Future Good Buu • Future Nail • Future Pikkon • Future Bardock • Haru • Maki • Future Zeno
	

	
	
Fused Members	
Fusion Dance	Future Gohanks (Xeno) • Gogeta (Future • Xeno) • Gotenks (Xeno) • Prilin • Tiencha
	
	
Potara	Android 35 • Den-Goku • Gokule • Kibito Kai • Old Kai (Future) • Xeno Vegeks • Vegito (Xeno)
	
	
EX-Fusion	Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Arale 18 • Barlot • Bulpan • Chiaohan • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coohan • EX Gogeta • EX Gohanks • EX Gotenks • EX Prilin • EX Trunks • EX Yamhan • Gorillin • Gorus • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Ginyuman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Kibeer Kai • Kibicollo Kai • Krigohan • Majin Satan • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Picohan • Pinita • Tanks • Towale • Vegenks • Yamta
	

	
	
Related Articles	
Affiliated Groups	Brief family • Son family •  Turtle School (New Turtle School) • West City Fire Brigade • Dragon Clan • Kadan Force •  Para Brothers • Galactic Patrol • Team Universe 7 • Pilaf Gang • Earth's Police • Earth's Military (Earth's Resistance) • Tien-Shin Style Dojo (New Crane School) • MIR • Kikoukenjutsu Sword School • Pan Fighting Network • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light) • Vegeta Sky Pirates
	
	
Bases	Mount Paozu (Goku's House • Grandpa Gohan's House) • Gohan's House • Kame House • Capsule Corporation • Korin Tower • Krillin's House • The Lookout (Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Pendulum Room) • King Kai's Planet • Piccolo's House • Planet Yardrat • Satan House • Sacred World of the Kai • Beerus' Planet • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Time Nest
	

	

v · d · eTime Patrol	
	
Leaders	Chronoa • Future Trunks (Xeno) • Old Kai • King Kai
	
	
Members	
Heroes Members	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Gohan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Bardock 
 Bulma • Sealas • Tokitoki • Chamel • Beat • Note • Fen • Leggings • Froze • Kabra • Kagyu • Nim • Wairu • Zen • Hero Robots • Super Hero Robo • Putine
	
	
Fused Members	Xeno Gogeta • Xeno Gohanks • Xeno Gotenks • Xeno Vegito • Xeno Vegeks • Jacunks
	
	
Xenoverse Members	Tokitoki • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Ninja Murasaki • Konkon • Chacha • Akkah • Aoh
	
	
Online Members	Hope! • Youth
	

	
	
Squadrons	Taino Force • Romance Rangers • Nutz Gang • Murasaki Brothers • Hero Society • Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light
	
	
Masters/Instructors/Partners	Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Bardock • Beerus • Bojack • Broly (DBS) • Captain Ginyu • Cell • Cooler • Dodoria • Frieza • Fu • Gogeta • Gohan (Future) • Goku • Good Buu • Gotenks • Hit • Jaco • Janemba • Jiren • Kefla • Krillin • Lord Slug • Mr. Satan • Nappa • Syn Shenron • Pan • Piccolo • Raditz • Super Buu • Tapion • Tien Shinhan • Future Trunks • Turles • Vegeta • Vegito • Videl • Whis • Yamcha • Future Zamasu (Goku Black) • Zarbon
	
	
Allies	Android 17 (Hell Fighter • Super 17) • Android 21 (Good) • Beat's Mom • Bocacchi • Cooler Force (Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force (Ginyu Force) • Galactic Patrol • Giru • Kang • Kong • Minotia • Namekians (Dende • Kami • Grand Elder Guru • Nail) • New Crane School • Saibamen • Tapion • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Bardock • Bee • Beerus • Bubbles • Bulma (Future) • Champa • Chi-Chi • Dr. Hedo • Earth's Military (King Furry) • Farmer • Fortuneteller Baba • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Gregory • Majin family • Majuub • Mr. Popo • Nallej • King Kai • Oolong • Pikkon (Future) • Pride Troopers (Dyspo • Jiren • Top) • Scratch • Vados • Whis • Xeno King Vegeta • Xiaon • Yajirobe • Yuto • Zeno (Future) • Aeos • Warriors in Black (Future Warrior in Black • Namekian in Black • Vidro) • Demigra Army (Demigra • Chamel • Robelu • Shirogame) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dragon Ball Online • Dragon Ball Heroes (World Mission • Dark Empire Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universal Conflict Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Supreme Kai of Time Saga (Super Space-Time Tournament) • Demon Invader Saga) • Dragon Ball Xenoverse • Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Unknown History Saga • Infinite History Saga • Frieza's Siege • Hero Colosseum • Conton City Tournament) • Dragon Ball: The Breakers • Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle • Dragon Ball Fusions (Timespace Tournament)
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related Articles	Alternate Timeline • Capsule (CC Mascot • Vehicle Capsule 315 • Vehicle Capsule 318 • Vehicle Capsule 340) • CC Robot • Dragon Ball Heroes machines • Hero Suit (Great Saiyaman Watch) • Hero Switch • Hero Town • Toki Toki City • Conton City (Dragon • Dragon Ball Pedestal • Conton City Patroller Academy • Time Miniature • Time Nest • Tokitoki (race) • Tokitoki's Egg (Distorted Time Egg) • Gate • Hercule Badge • Mask • Scouter • Scroll of Eternity (Lucky Time Box) • Sealas' Staff • Super Soul • Key Sword • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Time Machine (Super Time Machine) • Time Patroller Suit • Transphere (Super) • World of Mind Control • Z-Soul
	

v · d · eGalactic Patrol	
	
Leaders	Galactic King
		
	
Members	Calamis • Chiwak • Irico • Jaco • Jiya • Merus • Sealas • Steth • Tyber
	
	
Fused Members	Fuber • Great Jaco • Jacunks • Ultra Fusion
	
	
Temporary Members	Goku • Vegeta • Piccolo • Gohan • Krillin • Android 17 • Android 18 • Master Roshi • Yamcha • Tien Shinhan • Chiaotzu
	
	
Squadrons	Kusaya Squad
	
	
Allies	Capsule Corporation (Dr. Brief) • Dragon Team (Bulma • Tights • Z Fighters • Trunks • Goten • Good Buu/Grand Supreme Kai • Mr. Satan • Dende • Mr. Popo) • East City Sea Police (Aosa • Hijiki • Hondawara • Tamagoro Katayude • Mozuku) • Esca • Kaede • Manpuku Okawari • Moori • Sachie Momochi • Saiya Squad (Great Saiyaman 1 • Great Saiyaman 2 • Great Saiyaman 3 • Great Saiyaman 12) • South Supreme Kai • Shin • Old Kai • Kibito • Time Patrol (Chronoa • Tokitoki) • Tokunoshin Omori • Yukio Kyumonji • Zarid
	
	
Related Articles	Amond • Extinction Bomb • Galactic Patrol Headquarters • Galactic Patrol Medal • Galactic Prison • Galactic Receiver • Hyperbolic Time Chamber • Jaco's Spaceship • Metamo-Ring • Mogan • Nutts • Octos • Omori's Island • Ray Gun • Stun Gun • Vamp
	

v · d · eWorld Martial Arts Tournament	
	
Staff	World Tournament Chairman • World Tournament Announcer (Future)
		
	
Contestants	
Pre-21st Tournament Debut	King Chappa • Spike the Devil Man
	
	
21st Tournament Debut	Bacterian • Fighter 40 • Fighter 69 • Fighter 83 • Fighter 97 • Great Lee • Bullies of the Orin Temple • Giran • Goku (Future • Cell) • Jackie Chun (Master Roshi) (Future) • Krillin (Future • Cell) • Nam • Ranfan • Yamcha (Future)
	
	
22nd Tournament Debut	Antoine the Great • Archdemon • Chiaotzu (Future) • Cyclops • Man-Wolf • Mohawked Fighter • Orc • Pamput • Saber tiger • Shaman • Sumo Wrestler • Tien Shinhan (Future • Cell)
	
	
23rd Tournament Debut	Anonymous (Chi-Chi) (Future) • Hero (Kami) (Future) • Cyborg Tao • Demon Jr. (Piccolo) (Future • Cell) • Yajirobe (Future)
	
	
24th Tournament Debut	Jewel • Killa • Mighty Mask • Mr. Satan • Pintar • Spopovich • Videl
	
	
25th Tournament Debut	Android 18 • Goten • Great Saiyaman (Gohan) • Idasa • Ikose • Kadopi • Kibito • Koryuu • Pyonatt • Shin (Supreme Kai) • Trunks • Vegeta • Yamu
	
	
26th Tournament Debut	Mr. Buu
	
	
28th Tournament Debut	Captain Chicken • Nareg • Nok • Otokosuki • Pan • Uub • Wild Tiger
	
	
31st Tournament Debut	Charlie • Matt Cat • Mugley • Papayaman (Majuub) • Super One
	
	
64th Tournament Debut	Goku Jr. • Vegeta Jr.
	

	
	
Related Articles	Cell Games • Papaya Island • Punching Machine
	

v · d · eTournament of Power	
	
Universe 2	Bikal • Harmira • Jimizu • Kakunsa • Prum • Rabanra • Ribrianne • Roasie • Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Universe 3	Agnilasa • Biarra • Borareta • Catopesra • Koicéareta • Koitsukai • Maji-Kayo • Narirama • Nigrissi • Pancéa • Paparoni • Za Priccio
	
	
Universe 4	Caway • Damom • Dercori • Gamisalas • Ganos • Majora • Monna • Nink • Shosa • Xiangca
	
	
Universe 6	Auta Magetta • Botamo • Cabba • Caulifla • Frost • Hit • Kale • Kefla • Pilina • Dr. Rota • Saonel
	
	
Universe 7	Android 17 • Android 18 • Frieza • Gohan • Goku • Krillin • Master Roshi • Piccolo • Tien Shinhan • Vegeta
	
	
Universe 9	Basil • Bergamo • Chappil • Comfrey • Hop • Hyssop • Lavender • Oregano • Roselle • Sorrel
	
	
Universe 10	Dium • Dyrasem • Methiop • Murichim • Murisam • Napapa • Obni • Rubalt • Rylibeu • Zircor
	
	
Universe 11	Cocotte • Dyspo • Jiren • Kahseral • K'nsi • Kettle • Top • Tupper • Vewon • Zoire
	

v · d · eRed Ribbon Army	
	
Leaders	Commander Red • Staff Officer Black • Dr. Gero • Android 21 • Magenta
		
	
Main members	Buyon • Captain Dark • Captain Yellow • Carmine • Colonel Brown • Colonel Silver • Colonel Violet • Dr. Gero • Dr. Hedo • Gevo • General Blue • General Bon • General Copper • General White • July • Major Metallitron • Mercenary Tao • Mrs. Bon • Murasaki Brothers • Ninja Murasaki • Saiba Rangers • Vomi
	
	
Low-level soldiers	Karot • Nose-picking soldier • Onion • Pote • Pump • Scout 23 • Scout 27 • Silver's henchmen • White's scouts • Soldier 15 • Piccolo
	
	
Red Ribbon Androids	
Prototype Android • Super Prototype Android
	
	
Android 8 (Future) • Android 9 • Android 13 • Android 14 • Android 15 • Android 16 ((Future • New Model) (A • B • C)) • Android 17 (Future • Cell) • Android 18 (Future • Cell) • Android 19 (Future) • Android 20 (Clone • Future • Cell) • Android 21 (Evil • Good) • Android 25 • Android 26
	
	
Cell (Present • Future • Unseen • Xeno • New • Cells) • Cell Jr. • Genome • Cell Max
	
	
Gamma 1 • Gamma 2
	
	
Android 33 • Android 44 • Android 55 • Android 76 • Android 8000 • Android 19000
	

	
	
Associates	Red's Pet Cat-like Animal • Dr. Flappe • Hasky • Hasky's Followers • King Nikochan • King Nikochan's servant • Hachimaru
	
	
Bases	Colonel Silver's Camp • Dr. Gero's Lab • General Blue's Camp • Muscle Tower • Red Pharmaceuticals • Red Ribbon Army Headquarters (New)
	
	
Technology and Vehicles	Airplanes • Animorphaline • Battle Jacket • Biplane • Boats • Cars • Destroyer • Dragon Radar (Global Dragon Radar) • Dr. Gero's Confidential Disc • Flamethrower • Flying Camera • Grenade • Guns (Gamma Blaster • Ray Gun) • Hovercars • Jet-copter • Motorcycle • Tanks • Red Ribbon Robot • Remote Tracking Device • Rocket Launcher • Sasanishiki • Submarines • Supercomputer (Future) • Soul Link System • Thunder Rocket • Wave Machine
	
	
Related articles	Red Pants Army • Cloned Fighters (Clone Frieza) • Android 35 • Android 1617 • Android 1718 • Android 1920 • Perfect 16 • Cell 17 • Celluza • Hell Fighter 17 • Super 17
	

v · d · eSuper Space-Time Tournament	
	
Team 1	Goku • Vegeta • Gohan • Piccolo • Yamcha • Hit • Jiren
	
	
Team 2	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Gohan • Chronoa
	
	
Team 3	Tapion • Konatsians
	
	
Team 4	Mecha Frieza • Zarbon • Dodoria • Shisami • Cui • Tagoma • Sorbet
	
	
Team 5	Frieza • Cooler • Hearts • Cumber • Super 17 • Dr. Wheelo • Turles
	
	
Team 6	Dabura • Pui Pui • Spopovich • Yamu • Yakon
	
	
Team 7	Android 13 • Android 14 • Android 15 • Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Android 19
	
	
Team 8	Lord Slug • Medamatcha • Angila • Wings • Commander Zeeun
	
	
Team 9	Bojack • Zangya • Bido • Bujin • Kogu
	
	
Team 10	Salza • Dore • Neiz • Raditz
	
	
Team 11	Captain Ginyu • Jeice • Burter • Recoome • Guldo
	
	
Team 12	Mercenary Tao • Ninja Murasaki • Colonel Silver • General White • General Blue • Buyon • Major Metallitron
	
	
Intruders	Broly • Hirudegarn • Kid Buu • Janemba • Cell
	
	
Berserkers	Android 13 • Baby • Bojack • Cell • Chilled • Fin • Gravy • Hatchiyack • Innocent Buu • Lord Slug • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno Dabura • Xeno Syn Shenron
	
	
Unknown Team Members	Frost • King Cold • Angol • Moah • Bergamo • Rasin • Lakasei • Basil • Murichim • Dercori