Planet Vegeta

	
		
			
				
					
						
							TV Special
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Movie (Broly)
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

	
		Japanese

	
	惑わく星せいベジータ

	
		Romaji

	
	Wakusei Bejīta

	
		Location

	
	Universe 2
Universe 6
Universe 7
Pseudo Universe

	
		Ruler

	
	Tuffle King
King Vegeta
King Cold
Frieza
Baby

	
		Inhabitants

	
	Inhabitants of Plant
Saiyans
Tuffles
Snakes
Kamin (Formerly)
Oren (Formerly)

	
		Date of Destruction

	
	Age 737 (Universe 7)
Age 780 (Universes 2 & 6; erased; restored)
Age 796 (Universes 2 & 6; alternate timeline)

Planet Vegeta (惑わく星せいベジータ, Wakusei Bejīta), formerly known as Planet Plant (惑わく星せいプラント, Wakusei Puranto), is the home planet of Goku, Vegeta, and all other native Saiyans, Tuffles and the Inhabitants of Plant in the Dragon Ball franchise.

In Dragon Ball GT, Baby wishes to Ultimate Shenron for Planet Vegeta to be restored in Earth's Solar System. Upon being restored Baby renames the planet to Planet Tuffle (ツフル星, Tsufuru-sei), also called New Planet Plant or the Tuffle Planet.&#91;1&#93;

It exists in Universe 6 under the name Planet Tuffle.&#91;2&#93;

Planet Vegeta was not the native planet of the Saiyans, but Planet Sadala was and they only relocated to Planet Vegeta after Sadala's destruction.

A copy of Planet Vegeta exists in the Pseudo Universe.

Contents

1 Planet Description

2 History

2.1 Universe 7

2.1.1 Inhabitants of Plant

2.1.2 History of the Tuffles and Saiyans

2.1.3 Exploitation and Destruction by Frieza

2.1.4 Rebirth

2.1.5 Later Events

2.2 Universe 2

2.3 Universe 6

2.4 Pseudo Universe

3 Video Game Appearances

4 Trivia

5 Gallery

6 References

7 Site Navigation

Planet Description[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Planet Plant in Episode of Bardock
 		 	 
Planet Vegeta is seen only briefly in the anime and manga. It is known to possess at least ten times&#91;3&#93; the gravity of planet Earth (whether this means that Planet Vegeta is a physically larger world, merely a denser one, or both, is not explained). This intense gravity gives the Saiyans their natural physical resiliency and power. The Tuffles, the other race on Planet Vegeta, appear to have evolved along different lines by having smaller bodies so that the gravity affects them less.&#91;4&#93;

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Planet Vegeta during Frieza's reign
 		 	 
In the anime, Planet Vegeta appears to be a harsh desert world with a yellow/red sky instead of blue. It has at least two natural satellites, and there is a full moon every 100 years or 8 years (depending on the dub).

Planet Vegeta seemed to be in ruins about 100 years before Vegeta and Nappa land on Earth. 

By using the Pendulum Room in an anime-only segment, Krillin, Tien Shinhan, Yamcha, and Chiaotzu travel to the planet spiritually, only to be thrashed by the two illusion Saiyans there, Brocco and Panbukin, who say "No one comes to Vegeta!" during their encounter with the Z Fighters. The four Z Fighters do not seem to be under higher gravity while they are there. However, this is only a spiritual experience, and they come back afterward.

History[]

Universe 7[]

Inhabitants of Plant[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The life on Planet Plant
 		 	 
In the manga Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock, the planet is shown to be inhabited by a race known as the Inhabitants of Plant in the distant past. Bardock somehow is sent back in time by Frieza's Supernova and saves the planet from his ancestor, Lord Chilled. The Inhabitants of Plant do not seem to recognize him as a Saiyan, and Chilled has never even heard of the race.

History of the Tuffles and Saiyans[]

Main article: Saiyan-Tuffle war

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			A Tuffle City
 		 	 
Planet Plant was later home to two races: the Tuffles and the Saiyans. The Tuffles were a diminutive race, native to Planet Plant, who lacked physical strength and toughness, but were very intelligent and skilled with technology. By contrast, the Saiyans were average-sized, but very strong and fierce. Despite their incredible powers, the Saiyans were primitive and backwards, and lived in small clans scattered across the deserts of Planet Plant. King Kai and Dr. Lychee in Dragon Ball: Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans, as well as Baby in Dragon Ball GT, state that the Saiyans were not originally from Planet Plant;&#91;5&#93; they came to the planet in Age 550, apparently seeking refuge after their previous homeworld was rendered uninhabitable following a destructive civil war. Meanwhile, the Tuffles used their ingenuity to create large metropolises to live in, and were fairly prosperous.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Planet Plant, as seen in a flashback in Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans
 		 	 
Their life was a peaceful one, until suddenly, around Age 720, the Saiyans decided to launch a full-scale war against the Tuffles. What started the war is debatable. According to Vegeta, the Saiyans were treated as lesser beings by the Tuffles and forced to live in harsh conditions, which forced them to rise up against them. Baby, however, argued that the Tuffles were a peaceful race and that the Saiyans launched an unprovoked attack against them. Both versions of the story are likely biased, but in either case, led by King Vegeta, the Saiyans declared war on the Tuffles, starting a conflict known as the Saiyan-Tuffle war. According to King Kai, King Vegeta started the war against the Tuffles so he could take over the planet. The Saiyans were giants compared to the Tuffles, but due to the latter's technology, they managed to keep the war at a stalemate. Then, around Age 730, something happened that gave the Saiyans the upper hand. The full moon came up, something that only happened once every eight years, and the Saiyans gained the ability to transform into Great Apes. In their new forms, they easily defeated and obliterated the Tuffles and took over the planet, renaming it "Planet Vegeta" after their king.

Exploitation and Destruction by Frieza[]

Main articles: Occupation of Planet Vegeta&#32;and&#32;Genocide of the Saiyans

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Frieza Force arrive on Planet Vegeta
 		 	 
Soon, around Age 730, the Saiyans are discovered by the Arcosians and King Cold in Age 731. The Saiyans served under King Cold and the Planet Trade Organization until Cold retired in Age 732 and handed the reins of power over his son Frieza. Frieza found that the Saiyans were strong and had a love of fighting, so he began to employing them to destroy entire races and take over their planets to bring about Frieza's dream of ruling the entire universe. Planet Vegeta was soon transformed into a military base, with many of Frieza's men stationed there alongside the Saiyans. Young Saiyans with low battle powers were sent off to other planets to wipe out the inhabitants, making the planet fit to sell.

The Saiyans increased their strength quickly and, around Age 735, Frieza grew concerned that they would eventually rise up and overthrow him. While Frieza had little fear of lone Saiyans, their power in numbers was evident. Too prideful to admit it, he also harbored a secret fear of the "Super Saiyan of Legend", which he believed was not merely a fable. Frieza's henchmen, Zarbon and Dodoria, suggested that that it would be wise for him to wipe out the Saiyans before their power grew out of control.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Frieza destroys the Planet Vegeta with his Supernova
 		 	 
A few Saiyans, including King Vegeta, caught wind of Frieza's plan and began plotting against him. The Saiyan warrior Bardock survived an ambush that killed his entire task force, and vowed revenge on their treacherous master. They attacked Frieza, but his strength was overwhelming and he defeated them easily. To rid himself of the Saiyan menace forever, he destroyed the planet along with nearly all of the Saiyans, the only survivors being Raditz, Nappa, Prince Vegeta, Tarble, Kakarot, Broly, Paragus and two other unknown Saiyans. In the Dragon Ball Z movie The Tree of Might, the rogue Saiyan Turles also survived.

Kakarot's departure from Planet Vegeta has several different accounts:

In Dragon Ball Minus and Dragon Ball Super: Broly, Bardock and his wife Gine steal an Attack Ball and send the 3-year-old Kakarot to Earth.

According to Raditz's explanation in Dragon Ball Z, a flashback depicts an infant Kakarot being sent offworld before Planet Vegeta's destruction.

In Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku and Dragon Ball Z Kai, Goku is sent to Earth by the Saiyan Army as a newborn baby so he can destroy all life on the planet.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Asteroids coming near Planet Vegeta
 		 	 
The destruction of Planet Vegeta seems slightly different between the manga and the anime. In the anime, Frieza destroys the planet with a Supernova. In the manga, Frieza simply states that he attacked the planet (though he does state that he destroyed it when mentioning how Goku resembled "that one Saiyan foolish enough to try and stand up to him"). Also, Raditz (in the Funimation dub of Dragon Ball Z) states that Planet Vegeta was destroyed by an asteroid three years before his arrival in his big speech explaining Goku's backstory before Goku came to Earth,&#91;6&#93; which is the story Frieza spread to keep the remaining Saiyans from turning on him.&#91;7&#93; Vegeta is told the same account shortly after the planet is destroyed. In the anime, King Kai tells Goku that Planet Vegeta was not destroyed by a single asteroid, but by many large asteroids drawn to Planet Vegeta by the planet's Guardian himself in order to punish the Saiyans for their evil ways;&#91;8&#93; this story was actually fabricated by King Kai to keep Goku from learning about Frieza and seeking him out (considering that King Kai later reveals that he is aware of the existence of Frieza and begs Goku and the other Z-Fighters not to fight him because of his immense power), or based on the story of the original Super Saiyan God fighting evil Saiyans on Planet Vegeta&#91;9&#93; (the Guardian of Planet Vegeta is a god wearing a cape, similar to the original design of the Super Saiyan God),&#91;10&#93; or else King Kai might have been fooled by Frieza's rumor as well. Later, when Super Saiyan Goku faces Frieza on Namek, he says the Saiyans were destroyed because they killed innocent people, while Frieza remarks that he destroyed them because he did not like them.

Rebirth[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The restored Planet Plant
 		 	 
Using the power of the Black Star Dragon Balls, in Age 789, Baby Vegeta resurrects the Tuffle home world right in Earth's orbit - wishing for it to be restored to the state it was in before the arrival of the Saiyans. He then begins to transport all of his mind-controlled minions to Planet Plant in hopes of creating a new Tuffle Empire with Baby Vegeta as its ruler. It is here that he does battle with Goku. During their battle, Goku is easily thrashed around, even as a Super Saiyan 3. As Goku lays defeated, he sets his eyes on the Earth, orbiting high above. This causes him to receive a megadose of Blutz Waves, sparking his transformation into a Great Ape and then a Golden Great Ape. Goku then goes berserk and destroys everything in sight. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Baby Vegeta's fortress on Planet Plant
 		 	 
It is not until Pan, his granddaughter, calms him down that Goku remembers who he is, which sparks his transformation into a Super Saiyan 4. Super Saiyan 4 Goku proves to be more than a match for Baby Vegeta, and the evil Tuffle resorts to having Bulma (now his Tuffle Queen) create a Blutz Wave cannon, enabling him to transform into a Golden Great Ape as well. As the battle between Super Saiyan 4 Goku and Golden Great Ape Baby Vegeta continues, Kibito Kai uses the Sacred Water to kill off Baby Vegeta's Tuffle Parasites, which restores all of the tuffleized Z-Fighters to normal. Gohan, Goten and Trunks then arrive on the battlefield in an attempt to offer help. Uub, who had been eaten alive by Baby Vegeta after his Chocolate Kamehameha had been redirected back at him, suddenly attacks Baby from the inside-out. Meanwhile, Gohan, Goten, Trunks and Pan give their energy to Goku. Once the process is complete, Goku attacks and, in a few short minutes, Baby Vegeta is knocked out cold. Baby then abandons Vegeta and attempts to flee in a spaceship. However, Goku blasts him into oblivion with a powerful 10x Kamehameha, which sends the evil Tuffle hurtling right into the Sun, incinerating him.

Interestingly, despite having ten times the Earth's Gravity, none of the Earthlings infected by Tuffle Parasites have trouble moving around, presumably due to their creator Baby having been created on Planet Plant. However even the uninfected like Mr. Satan is  unaffected by the increased gravity despite having never know to have participated in any form of gravity training, as most of the Z Fighters have experienced some form of gravity training, while Pan's ability to handle Planet Tuffle's gravity could be attributed to either her travels to various planets during the search for the Black Star Dragon Balls or she may have had the opportunity to experience gravity training at some point before the events of the Baby Saga. Presumably the previously infected Earthlings had already acclimated their bodies to Planet Tuffle's gravity by the time they were freed of the Tuffle Parasites.

Later Events[]

Because of the wish made by Baby Vegeta with the Black Star Dragon Balls, they had been scattered across the universe once more. Thus, the one-year deadline from the first wish made with Dragon Balls expired without the Black Star Dragon Balls in their original place, resulting in the Earth being destroyed by an overload of negative energy. The Z Fighters decided to transport all of Earth's people to Planet Plant, saving them from Earth's destruction. It is unknown what happened to Planet Plant afterwards.

Universe 2[]

When Team Universe 2 lost in the Tournament of Power, Tuffle was erased with the rest of Universe 2. It was later restored when the erased universes were restored by Android 17's wish.

Universe 6[]

When Team Universe 6 lost in the Tournament of Power, Tuffle was erased with the rest of Universe 6. It was later restored when the erased universes were restored by Android 17's wish.

The Neo Machine Mutant Tuffles Oren and Kamin were built here.&#91;2&#93;

Pseudo Universe[]

A copy of Planet Vegeta was part of the Pseudo Universe. Vegeta fought Turles and Cumber on the planet, and it was later destroyed by the Crimson-Masked Saiyan.

Video Game Appearances[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Planet Vegeta seen in Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2
 		 	 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Planet Tuffle circa Age 789 in Xenoverse
 		 	 
Tuffle Planet is the twelfth and final level in Dragon Ball GT: Transformation. Enemies encountered there are Machine Mutants, Crushers, Mad Wrestler (Hammer), Mad Wrestler 2, Mad Wrestler 3, Evil Suit (Dollar), Evil Suit 2, Evil Suit 3, and the boss is Baby Vegeta in his final and Golden Great Ape forms.

Planet Vegeta appears as a battle stage in Dragon Ball Heroes.

Planet Vegeta appears in Dragon Ball Xenoverse as a DLC stage via the GT Pack 1 DLC, as well as Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.

Trivia[]

Each time Planet Vegeta is seen on a different occasion, it has a different appearance: the planet is red in Bardock - The Father of Goku, green/blue in a flashback in Dragon Ball GT, white in Dragon Ball: Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans and blue in its remake Plan to Eradicate the Super Saiyans, it has rings when Raditz mentions it in the episode "The New Threat," and the planet looks like the Earth in King Kai's story as well as in Dodoria's story.

In an anime filler, King Kai claims that Planet Vegeta also had a guardian who, upset at the Saiyans' horrible behavior, decided to slaughter the Saiyans with a meteor shower. Later, the manga claims that the meteor that Raditz talked about was merely a cover-up for Frieza's genocide of the Saiyan race, and the anime followed suit. Dodoria finally confirms that Frieza was responsible for the destruction of planet Vegeta when he explains the truth of the planet's end to Vegeta.
In Resurrection F and Dragon Ball Super, it is revealed that Beerus had a role in Planet Vegeta's destruction as he asked Frieza to destroy it due to his dislike of King Vegeta for being stingy (it should be noted that Frieza had his own motives for destroying the planet and the Saiyans, though Frieza likely took Beerus' request into consideration when he decided to destroy it). Ironically this somewhat matches King Kai's story of a god destroying the planet due to being disgusted with the Saiyan's behavior, with the only difference being that Beerus is a God of Destruction instead of a Guardian and destroyed the planet by proxy through Frieza acting as his Agent of Destruction instead summoning a meteor shower.
These similarities imply that King Kai may have been aware of Beerus' role in its destruction or at the very least suspected it. With the revelation of Beerus' role, it is possible that King Kai was for the most part telling Goku the truth in his retelling of Planet Vegeta's history as he had be truthful about the Saiyan-Tuffle War and was right about a god being involved in the planet's destruction, though he likely lied to avoid mentioning either of them to Goku (as he was fully aware of the dangers Goku would face if he were to challenge either of them and it would fit with King Kai's attempts later in the series to dissuade Goku from fighting either of them), by replacing Beerus and Frieza with the story of the Guardian and meteor shower while retaining a grain of truth (a God being involved with its destruction due to the evil of the Saiyans).

In the Dragon Ball Minus manga and its film adaptation in Dragon Ball Super: Broly, in addition to his fears of the Super Saiyan appearing being one of his reasons for the Genocide of the Saiyans, Frieza also considered the possibility of one of them becoming a Super Saiyan God, a legend which even Prince Vegeta was not aware of. Thus in the manga and the film, he destroyed the planet out of fear of both the Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan God, both of which would later be realized by both Goku and Vegeta who go on to obtain both forms.

In Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3, the Planet battle stage looks like the surface of Planet Vegeta or Planet Frieza 79.

Frieza once noted that Planet Vegeta looked like a Blood Ruby. Ironically, Blood Rubies are cursed gemstones that exist on Earth in the first Dragon Ball film Dragon Ball: Curse of the Blood Rubies in the Land of Gurumes where their curse is the source of the main villain King Gurumes' mutation and insatiable hunger.

Gallery[]

Planet Plant in Episode of Bardock

Planet Vegeta in Episode of Bardock

Planet Plant in Episode of Bardock

Planet Plant

The two suns seen from Planet Plant

Planet Plant in a flashback in Plan to Eradicate the Super Saiyans

Planet Vegeta over a hundred years in the past (illusion)

Planet Vegeta over a hundred years in the past (illusion)

Planet Vegeta as seen in Raditz's flashback

Planet Vegeta in Bardock - The Father of Goku

A building on Planet Vegeta

The two suns seen from Planet Vegeta

Planet Vegeta in Dodoria's flashback

Planet Vegeta in Dodoria's flashback

Planet Vegeta in Dodoria's flashback

Planet Vegeta in Dodoria's flashback

Planet Vegeta in Dodoria's flashback

Planet Vegeta about to explode

Planet Vegeta explodes

Planet Vegeta explodes

Planet Vegeta destroyed

Vegeta as seen in Battle of Gods

Planet Vegeta being detected by the Cold Force in Broly

Planet Vegeta in Broly

Tuffle Planet in GT: Transformation

Tuffle Planet in GT: Transformation

Tuffle Planet in GT: Transformation

Frieza's Supernova destroying Planet Vegeta in Xenoverse

Planet Tuffle as it appears in Xenoverse

Bardock coming out of Planet Vegeta seen in the GM6 trailer for Dragon Ball Heroes

Bardock, Raditz, King Vegeta, Prince Vegeta, Nappa, and the Saiyan Army in the Big Bang Mission opening for Super Dragon Ball Heroes

Render in Super Dragon Ball Heroes: World Mission

		

References[]

↑ Dragon Ball GT: Transformation, 2005

↑ 2.0 2.1 Cipher's document on the mission.&#32;Google.

↑ Dragon Ball chapter 211, "The Hardest Time of His Death", page 8

↑ Daizenshuu 5, 1995

↑ Dragon Ball GT: Perfect File vol.1, page 74

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 2, "Reunions"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 49, "The Prince Fights Back"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 20, "Goku's Ancestors"

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods, 2013

↑ Tadayoshi Yamamuro interview.&#32;okstars.okwave.

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eTuffles	
	
Universe 7 Tuffles	Baby • Dr. Lychee • King Tuffle • Tuffle Parasites
	
	
Universe 6 Tuffles	Kamin • Oren
	
	
Universe 2 Tuffles	Zarbuto • Zirloin
	
	
Infected/Hybrids	Trunks • Goten • Gohan •  Bulla • Pan • Vegeta (Xeno) • Earthlings (Bulma • Videl • Chi-Chi • Krillin • Android 18 • Marron • Master Roshi • Ox-King • Dr. Hedo • Oolong • Mr. Satan • Fortuneteller Baba • Launch • Farmer • Future Mai • King Furry • Yajirobe • Puar) • King Kai • Dende • Mr. Popo • Hirudegarn • Universe 6 Saiyans (Caulifla • Kale • Cabba • Caulifla's Gang • Renso • King Sadala) Jaco • Lemo • Cheelai • Unnamed Alien Boy
	
	
Tuffle Fusions	Baby Hatchiyack • Baby Janemba • Kamioren
	
	
Living Creations	Hatchiyack • Godgardon • Lychee's Monsters (Kinkarn • Arbee • Ponkarn • Kawazu • Jiku • Skud • Gure • Budo) • Machine Mutant (Dr. Myuu • General Rilldo • Giru • Commander Nezi • Bizu • Natt • Ribet • M-2 • Mutchy • Leon • Luud • Hell Fighter 17) • Bio-Warrior (White Bio-Man)
	
	
Transformations	Ghost Warrior
Formation
Neo Machine Mutant
Super Saiyan • Super Saiyan 2 • Tuffleized Super Saiyan (Strongest Form 1 • Strongest Form 2 • Golden Great Ape)
Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra))
Transcended
	
	
Related	Blutz Wave Generator • Dark Planet • Planet Plant • Ray Gun • Saiyans • Scouter
	

v · d · eSaiyans	
	
Pure-blooded Saiyans	Amepai • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Beets • Binas • Borgos • Broly (Future • Super) • Bukha • Captain Ginyu • Chokly • Cissito • Cumber • Fasha • Garatz • Giblet • Gine • Goku (Future • Cell • DBE • Kakarot • Xeno) • Goku Black (Crimson-Masked Saiyan) • Jagamo • Kiclee • King Vegeta (Xeno) • King Vegeta's Majordomo • Leek • Lisee • Moroko • Nappa (Cell) • Narmis • Nazz • Nion • Nira • Onio • Paprika • Paragus (Super) • Pinich • Prika • Queen of the Saiyans • Quillin • Racyoh • Raditz • Rakyo • Rhubub • Ruccola • Sage • Scarface • Saimo • Sesamy • Shallot • Shorty • Shito • Shugesh • Skwash • Soga • Sorama • Stabba • Super Saiyan God • Tarble • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno) • Tyber • Vasabi • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yamoshi • Zaripai • Zemma • Zysa
	
	
Hybrid Saiyans	Akina • Basaku • Beat • Bio-Broly • Bulla • Bulma Leigh • Captain Ginyu • Dark Gogeta • Duplicate Vegeta • Erito • Forte • Fused Zamasu/Infinite Zamasu (Goku Black • Future Zamasu) • Gohan (Future • Cell • Xeno • Future Warrior in Black) • Goku Jr. • Goku's Doll • Goten (Xeno) • Janemba's Majin Vegeta • Mint • Mizore • Nenjo • Note • Shalot • Trunks (Future • Cell • Unknown • Xeno) • Pan (Xeno) • Vegeta Jr. • Viola
	
	
Universe 6 Saiyans	Cabba • Caulifla • Kale • King Sadala • Renso
	
	
Saiyan fusions	Android Biwala 33 • Android Gowry 33 • Android Leganon 33 • Android Huki 44 • Android Vasabi 55 • Android Bukha 76 • Barlot • Bukwash • Bulpan • Coohan • Den-Goku • EX Trunks • Failed Fusions • Fuber • Fused Zamasu • Garash • Ginyuman • God Fusion Goku • Gohanks (EX • Future • Xeno) • Gogeta (EX • Future • Xeno) • Gokule • Gomas • Gorilin • Gorus • Gotenks (EX • Xeno) • Great Jaco • Great Saiyaman 12 • Great Satanman • Jacunks • Kallohan • Karoly • Karoly Black • Kefla • Krigohan • Liseemis • Minlee • Mirara • Natz • Nuova Goku • Pandel • Pinita • Piratz • Rappa • Shallet • Tanks • Towane • Turtz • Ultra Fusion • Ultra Pinich • Vegenks • Vegito (Xeno) • Xeno Vegeks • Yamta
	
	
Ordinary transformations	
Great Ape (Kili Enhanced • Wrathful • Oozaru (DBE))
	
	
Super Saiyan (Pseudo • Powerhouse (Second Grade • Third Grade) • Full Power • Partial • Berserk • Broly-type (A-type • C-type • Legendary)
	
	
Super Saiyan 2 (Legendary • Enraged • Rage)
	
	
Super Saiyan 3 (Legendary • Full Power • Xeno-Evolution)
	
	
Super Saiyan God (Saiyan beyond God) • God Broly
	
	
Rampaging
	
	
Evil Saiyan
	

	
	
Hybrid transformations	
Spirit Bomb Super Saiyan
	
	
Super Kaio-ken
	
	
Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan (Blue • Kaio-ken • Perfected • Evolved • Barrier • Berserk • Berserk Controlled • Universe Tree Power) •
 (Rosé • Rosé 2 • Rosé 3 • Rosé Full Power)
	
	
Golden Great Ape (Legendary)
	
	
Super Saiyan 4 (Full Power • Full Power Limit Breaker • Kaio-ken)
	
	
Tuffleization (Strongest Form 1 • Strongest Form 2 • Golden Great Ape)
	
	
Dark Super Saiyan God • Dark Ki: Unleashed
	

	
	
Other transformations	Power Pole Pro • Kaio-ken • Unlock Potential (Manipulation Sorcery (King of Destruction)) • Culture Fluid Absorption Gigantification • Ultimate (Beast) • Candy Vegito • Dark Dragon Ball Enhancement • Dark Evolution • Dark Ki • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain) (Ultra) • Giant Form • Hi-Tension • Shenron Mode • Ultra Instinct Sign (True • Perfected) • Ultra Ego • Goku's Change • Xeno-Evolution • Transcended
	
	
Squadrons	Saiyan Army (King Vegeta's Elite • Team Bardock • Phantom Saiyans) • Dark Empire (Universe Creation Planners) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Beerus • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force • Galactic Patrol • Mastermind's group • New Saiyan Empire • Sadala Army • Team 5 • Team Universe 6 • Time Patrol (Dragon Ball Heroes • Hero Society • Nutz Gang • Romance Rangers • Taino Force • Warriors of Light) • Turles Crusher Corps
	
	
Wars & Conflicts	Saiyan-Tuffle war • Genocide of Cereal • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek war • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Zeno Expo • Tournament of Power
	
	
Related Articles	Ahms • Android 21 (Good • Evil) • Attack Ball • Bardock's Spaceship • Battle Armor • Blutz Waves (Blutz Wave Generator) • Broly Control Mechanism • Broly's Ring • Capsule Corporation Spaceship • Cell (Present • Future • New • Xeno • Cells) • Cell Jr. • Clones • Commeson • Culture Fluid • Flying Nimbus • Frieza Force • Fu • God-to-Blue • Heart Virus (Heart Medicine) • Heeter • Honey • House of Vegeta • Legendary Super Saiyan (disambiguation) • Mecha Goku • New Planet Vegeta • Paragus' Spaceship • Planet Vegeta (Bardock's Village (Bardock's House) • Vegeta's Palace) • Power Pole • Ray Gun • Restraint Jacket • S-Cells • Sadala • Saibamen • Saiya Power • Saiyan Power • Scout-Scope • Scouter • Son family • Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) • Super Saiyan God (race) • Time Breaker Mind Control (Anti-Blutz Wave Masks) • Tree of Might (Fruit of the Tree of Might) • Troublemaker Education
	

v · d · eFrieza Force	
	
Leaders	Chilled • Frieza Race Conton City Hero • King Cold (Future • Cell) • Frieza (Future • Cell • Xeno • Team 4) • Frost • Frieza's Honor Guard (Captain Wata • Rigll)
		
	
Sub-leaders	Captain Ginyu • Cooler (Meta • Future) • Froze • Garana • Sorbet • Tagoma • Kuriza • Frieza's Honor Guard (Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Toki Toki City Hero)
	
	
Executives and elite soldiers	Abo • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bonyu • Broly • Burter • Chidoru • Cui • Dodoria • Dore • Fry • General Sus • Guldo • Jeice • Kabosu • Kado • Majuub • Neiz • Onio • Payer • Recoome • Salza • Shisami • Tack • Tick • Tobi • Tock • King Vegeta (Xeno) • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yūzu • Zarbon
	
	
Mid-level soldiers	Appule • Cabira • Caluppa • Cranbo • Daigen • Fargo • Gonma • King Vegeta's Elite • Nappa (Cell) • Napple • Paragus (Super) • Raditz • Unnamed Captain • Officer
	
	
Low-level soldiers	Combatants • Cranberry • Cyclopian Guards • Three Planet Frieza #79 soldiers • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Blueberry • Borgos • Cheelai • Fasha • Fisshi • Frieza Soldiers • Frog-Face • Guprei • Iru • Kakarot (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Krumbo • Leek • Mei • Melone • Monre • Nabana • Namole • Navel • Orlen • Raspberry • Robery • Scarface • Shorty • Shugesh • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno)
	
	
Non-combatants	Beets • Berryblue • Kikono • Lemo • Macki • Nion • Oil • Gichamu • Gine • Guide Robo • Frieza Force medics • Malaka • Planthorr • Moroko • Shito
	
	
Fused members	Aka • Burce • Celluza • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coolieza • Dodobon • Ginyuman • Ginyuza • Gulce • Meta-Cooler Core • Natz • Rappa • Recurter • Reguldo • Saibaking • Ultimate Ultra Fusion • Ultra Fusion (Ginyu Force)
	
	
Squadrons	Cooler Force (Cooler's Armored Squadron • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dried Fruitz • Team Dodoria • Frieza's Elite (Ginyu Force • Frieza's Honor Guard) • Namek Invasion Task Force • Frieza's Subordinates • Galaxy Soldiers • Third Stellar Region • Frieza Soldiers • New Frieza Army • New Gadget Super Lovers • Saiyan Army (Team Bardock • King Vegeta's Elite • Phantom Saiyans) • Team 5 • Team Zarbon
	
	
Races controlled	Aka's race • Ankoku-seijin • Appule's race • Arcosians • Arlians • Boulean • Beppa-seijin • Blueberry's race • Bowlean • Brench-seijin • Burter's race • Buonean • Cabira's race • Cranberry's race • Cui's race • Dodoria's race • Earthlings • Fishman • Frieza Clan • Frieza Soldier race • Frog-Face's race • Ginyu's race • Hera Clan • Inhabitants of Plant • Iru's race • Jiggler • Kanassan • Kettlean • Ledgic's race • Litts • Malaka's race • Majins • Mixxileean • Namekians • Namekian Frogs • Recoome's race • Rejinean • Saibamen • Saiyans • Serpent • Sinkleean • Slug-jin  • Sui's race • Toasterean • Tobi's race • Vewonean • Yardrat • Zalt-seijin • Zarbon's race
	
	
Planets	Arcose • Bas • Big Gete Star • Cereal • Cooler No. 6 • Cooler's Unnamed Planet • Frieza No. 17 • Frieza No. 79 • Cooler No. 98 • Cooler No. 256 • Frieza No. 448 • Frieza's Training Planet • Kanassa • King Cold's planet • Litt • Meat • Shikk • Tritek • Vegeta • Zeshin and Bun's planet
	
	
Motherships	Bardock's Spaceship • Chilled's Spaceship • Cooler's Spaceship • Frieza's Spaceship • Garana's Spaceship • King Cold's Spaceship • Transport Ship
	
	
Technology	Attack Ball • Battle Armor • Cosmic Suit • Drones (Assist Drone • Attack Drone • Recovery Drone) • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Galactic Arena • Grenade • Hovercar • Hover Pod • Kiri Charging Machine • Laser Sword • Medical Machines • Metamo-Ring • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher (Frieza's Rocket Launcher) • Saibamen Set • Scouter
	
	
Operations and Wars	Attack on Planet Plant • Occupation of Planet Vegeta • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek conflict • Attack on Zeshin and Bun's planet • Attack on Gure's planet • Attacks on Earth • Fight on Planet Frieza 448 • Broly conflict • Frieza's Siege • Tournament of Time
	
	
Allies & Affiliated Groups	Beerus • Cells (Cell • Cell Jr.) • Dragon Ball Heroes (Froze) • Dark Empire • Dark Namekians (First Narak) • Frieza Clan • Heeter • Mastermind's group (Mastermind • Giblet) • Pilaf Gang (Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army) • Team Beerus (Shallot) • Team Universe 7 • Time Patrol • Whis
	
	
Related	Kili • Pol • Vegeta's Palace
	

v · d · ePlanets visited in Dragon Ball GT (* Black Star Dragon Ball location)	
	
Imecka • Monmaasu* • Gelbo* • Beehay • Planet Luud • Rudeeze* • M-2* • Myuu's Planet* • Deserted Starship • Pital • Tigere* • Cretaceous* • Polaris* • Earth • New Planet Plant