Directory: Characters → Villains → DBZ villains → Frieza's Elite

"You might as well know before you breathe your last breath. There's a very good reason I keep my full powers hidden. You see, exploiting them calls for a drastic transformation. Quite a distasteful one in fact. Hideous even. Naturally, I am somewhat reluctant to sacrifice looks. But when my hand has been forced, what choice is there?"

— Zarbon to Vegeta in "Friends Reborn! Zarbon's Hideous Transformation!"

	

Zarbon

	
		
			
				
					
						
							Anime
							
						
					

				
					
						
							Manga
							
						
					

				
			
		

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
			
				
					
						
						
					
				
			

		
	

ザーボン

Zābon

	
		Alias

	
	General Zarbon
Commander Zarbon
Zabon

Debuts

	
		Appears in

	
	Dragon Ball ZDragon Ball GTDragon Ball SuperSuper Dragon Ball Heroes

	
		Manga Debut

	
	"Planet Namek, Cold and Dark"

	
		Anime Debut

	
	"Brood of Evil"

	
		Movie Debut

	
	Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku

	
		Game Debut

	
	Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza

Characteristics

	
		Race

	
	Zarbon's race

	
		Gender

	
	Male

	
		Death Date(s)

	
	December 20, Age 762
Age 774[1]
Age 790

Professional Status

	
		Occupation

	
	Frieza's Aide[2]
Guard of Frieza[3]
Frieza Force Commander[4]
Frieza Force Senior Officer[5]
Frieza Force Reconnaissance Leader[6]

	
		Allegiance

	
	Frieza Force (Frieza's Elite)
Team Zarbon

Personal Status

Zarbon (ザーボン, Zābon) is a member of the Frieza Force. He is a cunning warrior who serves alongside Dodoria as one of Frieza's top two highest ranking Generals and right-hand men.

Contents

1 Appearance

2 Personality

3 Biography

3.1 Background

3.2 Dragon Ball Z

3.2.1 Frieza Saga

3.3 Dragon Ball Super

3.3.1 Golden Frieza Saga

3.4 Dragon Ball GT

3.4.1 Super 17 Saga

4 Super Dragon Ball Heroes

4.1 Supreme Kai of Time Saga

5 Film appearances

5.1 Bardock - The Father of Goku

5.2 Fusion Reborn

5.3 Broly

6 Other Dragon Ball Stories

6.1 Dragon Ball SD

6.2 Online

6.3 Dragon Ball Fusions

6.4 Xenoverse 2

6.5 What-if scenarios

6.5.1 Episode of Bardock

6.5.2 Supersonic Warriors 2

6.5.3 Budokai Tenkaichi 2

7 Power

8 Abilities

9 Appearances

9.1 Manga

10 Appearances in Other Media

10.1 Video Game Appearances

11 Voice Actors

12 Battles

13 List of Characters Killed by Zarbon

14 Trivia

15 Gallery

16 References

17 Site Navigation

	
		
				
					
					
				
			Quick Answers

		

		
	

	
			
				
					Who is the voice actor for Zarbon in the Dragon Ball Z series?
						
				
				
					
						In the Dragon Ball Z series, Zarbon's voice has been portrayed differently across various versions. Initially, in the Funimation dub, his voice mirrored the Ocean dub. However, subsequent versions of the Funimation dub changed his voice to match characters such as King Cold or Caroni. In a specific scene, during Vegeta's flashback of conquering Planet Shikk with Nappa and Raditz, Zarbon is depicted with an Australian accent.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					What is the race of the character Zarbon in Dragon Ball Z?
						
				
				
					
						In Dragon Ball Z, Zarbon belongs to an unnamed, sapient alien race. They are humanoid with blue skin and can transform into stronger, crocodile-like forms, a feature known as 'Zarbon transformation'. They are classified as part of the Alien race in Dragon Ball Fusions. Additionally, Zarbon is recognized as the prince of his race in Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					Can you describe Zarbon's transformation in the Dragon Ball Z series?
						
				
				
					
						In the Dragon Ball Z series, Zarbon undergoes a dramatic transformation during a confrontation with Vegeta. His body bulges with increased muscle mass, scales erupt across his skin, and his face takes on a demonic visage. This transformation enhances his power significantly, but Zarbon is averse to this form due to its monstrous appearance. The transformation is so intense that it leaves onlookers, including Bulma and Krillin, in a state of shock.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					When did Zarbon first debut in the Dragon Ball Z series?
						
				
				
					
						Zarbon, from the Dragon Ball Z series, debuted in the anime episode 'Brood of Evil' and in the manga 'Planet Namek, Cold and Dark'. He is recognized as the initial villain with the ability to transform voluntarily.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
			
				
					How does Zarbon meet his end in the Dragon Ball Z series?
						
				
				
					
						In the Dragon Ball Z series, Zarbon's demise comes at the hands of Vegeta. During their confrontation, Vegeta channels his energy into a devastating blast that pierces through Zarbon, sending him soaring into the sky before plunging into a body of water. This victory leaves Vegeta believing he has secured the last Dragon Ball from Krillin.
					

					
						Provided by: Fandom
					

					

				

			
	

Appearance[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon in his normal form
 		 	 
Zarbon is an elite warrior who values beauty and his physical appearance above all else. He is considered to be very handsome, and he wears a heavily cultural garb. His long, viridian braided hair and his head accessories are reminiscent of a high-class prince. His light green skin and golden eyes indicate his reptilian alien ancestry. He also wears a very long light blue cape as well as pink arm warmers, blue leg warmers, and blue underwear. Along with his choice of clothing, he wears the common armor that most of Frieza's men have, including the shoulder pads and a blue scouter.

Personality[]

Like Dodoria, he is intelligent as he advises Frieza to think in advance and eliminate the Saiyan race in order to avoid future repercussions. That said, he also had some degree of qualms with going through with genocides, mostly due to pragmatism, as he initially thought it might have been unnecessary to go through with the planned genocide against the Saiyans since King Vegeta and his elites were slain until Frieza told him otherwise. His resourcefulness and cunning are witnessed on numerous occasions as he directly advises Frieza on matters dealing with the conquering, pillaging, or overall domination of the inter-planetary world trade system. Aside from his role as Frieza's adviser, Zarbon dislikes his own transformation due to its unusual appearance which he views as 'ugly', showing himself to be vain and only transforms as a self-defense mechanism. When he does transform, his battle power increases immensely. After transforming, he referred to his original form as "the beauty side" and introduced the new form as "the beast", a reference to the fairy tale Beauty and the Beast. Despite his disliking of the form due to its ugliness, he does show pride in the level of power it grants him. While in the form, he becomes much more violent and overconfident. He values beauty, especially his own, above everything else. He shows an unwillingness to tarnish his looks in any way, which results in him refusing to search a lake to retrieve Vegeta's body due to the fact that his hair would get wet. 

He, like Frieza's other henchmen, sometimes underestimates his opponents. It is shown many times that Zarbon is very terrified of Frieza, much like many of Frieza’s henchmen. Despite being Frieza's advisor and a top commanding officer, Zarbon is still considered expendable by Frieza, which is shown with Frieza growing more and more frustrated and threatening to kill him as the saga goes on. He also was willing to betray Frieza if such would benefit him, as potentially implied just before Vegeta finishes him off where he offered an alliance to take down Frieza (though the Japanese version implies this was merely an attempt to get Vegeta to restrain his attack rather than a sincere desire due to his still referring to Frieza as "Frieza-Sama" during this time) and confirmed in the What-If Saga Beautiful Treachery where he backstabbed his fellow lieutenant Dodoria and even instigated a fight between Frieza and Cooler specifically so he could inherit Eternal Youth to keep his beautiful appearance (which ultimately backfired on him when he ended up dying from Namek's destruction that he indirectly caused from the fighting). Like Dodoria, Zarbon has a disliking toward Saiyans, though he seems to have a particular disliking toward Vegeta, perhaps due to his attitude. Vegeta states that Zarbon spent many years mocking him, which is also shown in a flashback with Zarbon referring to Vegeta as a "monkey". Zarbon seems to be one of the more humane soldiers in the Frieza Force, as he is not nearly as sadistic as Dodoria or Cui. He only seems to work for Frieza out of fear. On the other hand, he displays an arrogant attitude due to his vanity and sense of superiority.

Zarbon is indicated to have a dislike of water. He intentionally left Vegeta in the water to die because Vegeta tried to kill him, and because Zarbon didn't want to get wet. In Xenoverse 2, both Frieza and Dodoria seem to be aware that Zarbon has an aversion to water/muddy water indicating he may have an underlying case of hydrophobia (fear of water). Frieza notes that he can get Zarbon to talk with just a little muddy water, while Dodoria tries to convince the Future Warrior into splashing some water on Zarbon, claiming he will "love it" though it is obviously that Dodoria is taking advantage of the Future Warrior to get back at Zarbon (as there is a running theme of the pair having a rivalry between them due to their different personalities).

Various videogames show that Zarbon has a strong disliking toward anything he deems ugly. Xenoverse 2 also shows him to be very proud of his intelligence and to have a disliking for those who have a simpleminded, brute nature. In this regard, he is shown to have a strong dislike of Dodoria due to his ugly appearance and brute nature. He is shown to be well favored by the more intellectual members of the Frieza Force. He is also capable of recognizing talent such as that of the Future Warrior. His view on and attraction to females in the anime and manga is left ambiguous, as he does not seem to notice Bulma's infatuation of him at all when arriving to confront Vegeta, although Xenoverse 2 implies that he is either attracted to the opposite sex, or at the very least is willing to play along with females' attraction to him to get what he wants, due to his interactions with Bulma in the Hero Colosseum Mode (see Trivia below).

Biography[]

Background[]

Zarbon is a prince.[7] In Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2, Zarbon (Post-Transformation)'s biography states that his Monster form has been sealed inside for "eons", suggesting that Zarbon is very old, though it is likely an exaggeration.[8] According to Frieza in Xenoverse 2, he kept Zarbon alive after invading his planet because he was the strongest of his race and he willingly decided to join the Frieza Force to pursue power.[5]

Before King Cold's retirement, Zarbon served under King Cold as a member of the Cold Force along with Dodoria and the Ginyu Force. After King Cold retired and handed control over to his son Frieza, the Cold Force was renamed the Frieza Force and Zarbon eventually began serving Frieza alongside Dodoria. Because of his great power and intelligence, Zarbon, along with Dodoria, became one of Frieza's two attendants/highest ranking officers by chain of command, as well as Frieza's personal advisor, effectively making him Frieza's right hand man.

At some point, he learned of Frieza's ability to transform, making him one of the few people to have ever learned of any of Frieza's transformations.[9]

When King Vegeta rebelled against Frieza and demanded an audience, Zarbon reported the situation to Frieza. Although Frieza briefly paused and had Zarbon repeat himself, Frieza then responded, after a sarcastic reference to his own hearing, by stating that he let the Saiyans in. Zarbon then witnessed Frieza effortlessly kill King Vegeta in battle, alongside the latter's Saiyan Elites shortly afterward. When Frieza suggested "torching" Planet Vegeta, Zarbon then asked him if it was truly necessary to undergo such an action due to King Vegeta being dead, with Frieza reminding him that the other Saiyans are most likely going to follow King Vegeta's example if they didn't, especially if they learn about his death, causing Zarbon to concede that Frieza knew best.[10]

Sometime afterwards, when Vegeta, Raditz, and Nappa returned from destroying Planet Shikk, Zarbon, when asked by Frieza, estimated it would personally take him only a day to depopulate the planet while mocking the Saiyans for their taking three days to do so without congratulating them. As the Saiyans were leaving, Zarbon then made an insulting reference towards Vegeta's Saiyan heritage and capabilities, which infuriated the Saiyan prince enough that he barely restrained himself from turning around and attacked him in turn.[11]

Dragon Ball Z[]

Frieza Saga[]

Main article: Namek Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon in his handsome and elegant form
 		 	 
Zarbon accompanies Frieza and Dodoria to Namek in search of the Namekian Dragon Balls. Frieza's one desired wish is to gain immortality in order to maintain his dominance in the universe. Zarbon assists him by collecting most of the Dragon Balls alongside Dodoria by mercilessly slaughtering Namekians in order to squeeze information out of them.[12][13][14][15] Unfortunately for Frieza, Vegeta shows up on Planet Namek with his own desire to gain control of the Dragon Balls.[12] Vegeta had openly betrayed Frieza and went to Earth alongside Nappa as Frieza had never given him that order.[16] Later, after traveling to Namek, Vegeta decides to proceed with his deliberate betrayal and gain control of the Dragon Balls for himself. Vegeta takes the first opportunity he gets to eliminate both Cui,[17] and then Dodoria, who was temporarily separated from his crew after pursuing Gohan and Krillin.[15][18]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon orders Appule to search for Namekian villages
 		 	 
At this point, Zarbon becomes the only remaining elite henchman of Frieza. He and Appule are sent to search the remaining Namekian Villages for the last two Dragon Balls. Zarbon tells Appule they need to split up to find the villages, and to notify him if he finds one, so that he won't get killed by the stronger Namekians. They agree to return to the ship in three hours and split up.[19] Zarbon soon comes face to face with Vegeta instead. Vegeta says that he's been wanting to fight Zarbon since he killed Dodoria, but Zarbon can't believe that he's become that strong. Vegeta says he'll make him believe. Zarbon asks Vegeta why he'd betray Frieza, and so he explains that he always hated Frieza and how he wants eternal life for himself. If he had eternal life, Vegeta would be free of Frieza's control and his chances of defeating him would increase. Zarbon tells him eternal life wouldn't be enough to win against Frieza, but Vegeta replies that it's a shame Zarbon doesn't have a scouter, because his power has gone up to new heights. Zarbon tells Vegeta that he has conviction, but he knows Frieza has far transcended him. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon's attack is stopped by Vegeta
 		 	 
Vegeta says that talking is over and that he has become what Frieza fears most: A powerful Saiyan. Zarbon says that Frieza was scared that the Saiyans would unite to overthrow him, but he doesn't consider just one to be a threat. The two begin to fight, however, Vegeta has the upper hand, deflecting Zarbon's Elegant Blaster, and dodging all his attacks. Vegeta eventually slams Zarbon down into the Namek soil.[20] After Zarbon has been shaken, he informs Vegeta that he can transform, but avoids it when possible because the form he assumes is ugly in appearance, which Zarbon despises. He then surprises Vegeta and undergoes his quick demonic reptilian transformation.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon's second form, which he generally refrains from assuming due to its repulsive appearance
 		 	 
The tables turn as Zarbon easily dominates Vegeta with a series of brutal poundings, multiple headbutts and roundhouses. Zarbon gloats that Frieza can transform as well, and Vegeta doesn't stand a chance against them. After toying with Vegeta for a while, seriously pounding the Saiyan, Zarbon finishes the fight with an aerial piledriver, sending Vegeta headfirst into the ground and washed into the murky waters of Namek. Assuming Vegeta had been killed in the crash, Zarbon reports back to Frieza in order to relay the message of his victory.[9] When he enters his master's quarters, Frieza asks Zarbon if he's found a village. Zarbon answers no, though he has defeated Vegeta. Frieza is relieved and asks if Vegeta is dead, but Zarbon confirms that he didn't find the corpse, but the odds are slim considering the severity of his injuries. Frieza asks why he didn't confirm Vegeta's death, and Zarbon explains that he was underwater. Frieza figures that Zarbon neglected to confirm it because he didn't want to get his hair wet, and that Vegeta could have found a Dragon Ball and hidden it. Zarbon says it was inexcusable and he'll confirm it immediately. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon reports back to Frieza
 		 	 
In the anime, Orlen arrives at the ship and says he's found a village, but it's already been destroyed and its Dragon Ball taken. Zarbon figures it must've been Vegeta and he did hide a Dragon Ball. Orlen lets it slip that he killed a survivor without first asking where Vegeta may have hidden the Dragon Ball, angering Frieza, who then kills Orlen without a second thought, zapping him with Eye Lasers as Zarbon watched in fear. Frieza tells Zarbon to bring Vegeta back to the ship, and he'd better hope he's still alive or he'll follow Orlen's example. He also orders Appule to contact Planet Frieza and have the Ginyu Force come to Namek in five days with replacement Scouters. Zarbon freaks out and asks why he wants the Ginyu Force's help, and Frieza says he has a strange premonition. An odd feeling that a strong Saiyan exists somewhere in the universe and is destined to become his enemy and threaten his rule. Although, Frieza is unsure whether or not if it's Vegeta. Zarbon says if it's not Vegeta, then it must be either the Saiyan from Earth or his half-breed son, though they're considerably weaker than Vegeta. Frieza asks Zarbon if he doubts his premonition, who hastily says no, and tells him to hurry and bring Vegeta before he loses his patience, and Zarbon quickly flies off.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon takes him to a rejuvenation chamber in order to heal him for questioning
 		 	 
Relieved, Zarbon returns to the area of the battle, locates Vegeta's battered body, and takes him to Frieza's ship in order for Appule to heal him in the ship's rejuvenation chamber for further questioning. Appule says that Vegeta's condition is critical and that he may not survive, but Zarbon tells him to do whatever it takes to revive him.[21] Zarbon reports to Frieza that he captured Vegeta and that he is being healed for further interrogation. Upon healing, Vegeta blasts out of the tank and the explosion kills Appule. Zarbon and Frieza, having heard the noise, run to the treatment room. However, Vegeta blasts a hole in the ship's wall as a distraction and hides. Concluding that he has fled, Frieza sends Zarbon outside the ship to find him. With his captors distracted, Vegeta excitedly races to Frieza's room where his five Dragon Balls lie unguarded. Zarbon searches the area near Frieza's Spaceship for Vegeta, but Frieza is impatient. He blames Zarbon for Vegeta's escape and threatens to kill him if he is unable to locate the Saiyan.[22]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon is shocked to see that Vegeta has escaped
 		 	 
Realizing that he cannot carry all five Dragon Balls, Vegeta alerts Zarbon and Frieza to his location, then unleashes a blast in the hallway to obscure their vision. Vegeta then blasts a hole in a window and tosses all five balls outside before escaping just in time. Zarbon and Frieza are irate, and Zarbon again begins searching outside the ship to no avail. Zarbon desperately asks Frieza if Vegeta is still on the ship, but Frieza angrily blames Zarbon and says it's his responsibility to find Vegeta. As Vegeta flees unnoticed, swimming in a nearby body of water, a furious Frieza says that he will search the ship's interior and orders Zarbon to search the surrounding area, promising to kill him if he does not capture Vegeta within an hour. Zarbon hurries out in fear, and searches for Vegeta, in order to avoid facing the serious consequences.

"Alright, now you've done it! No one insults me like that, Vegeta! For someone who looks like you, you have no right to call me hideous! I'd kill you where you stand but Frieza wants me to take you alive. Consider yourself lucky."

— An offended Zarbon in "Gohan, the Hunted"

	

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Vegeta confronts Zarbon
 		 	 
Despite having no Scouter, Zarbon luckily spots Krillin, who is carrying the One-Star Dragon Ball, and Vegeta, who is chasing after him. He follows the pair to a cave that Krillin, Gohan, and Bulma had been using as a hideout, and soon, he challenges Vegeta once again. Bulma is instantly attracted to Zarbon's appearance, although Krillin recognizes that the warrior is allied with Frieza.[23] With Krillin and Bulma's lives at stake, Zarbon and Vegeta face off once more. Zarbon begins to warm up against Vegeta while not transforming, although he remembers Frieza's impending threat, and soon transforms to make sure he does not pass the limited time given to him to capture the Saiyan. He attacks Vegeta, who dodges his first few attacks before flying into the air and tossing sand into Zarbon's eyes. While Zarbon is temporarily blinded, Vegeta delivers a powerful punch to his back and slams him into the water from above. Vegeta follows up with a series of ki blasts, seriously injuring Zarbon and damaging his armor. Krillin suggests to Bulma that they flee while Vegeta is distracted, but Bulma is afraid that Vegeta will attack them if they do. Krillin grabs her and begins to flee regardless, but Vegeta does indeed notice them and blocks their path with several blasts. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon bargains for his life while Vegeta's fist is jammed into his upper abs
 		 	 
While Vegeta is distracted, Zarbon emerges from the water and flies towards him, leading to the two of them returning to the ground. Zarbon angrily claims that Vegeta will pay for what he has done, but Vegeta is undaunted. Vegeta informs Zarbon that Saiyans get power increases after every battle and after near death experiences, so Vegeta's power level has increased substantially because of the beating he had taken from Zarbon. Although shocked, Zarbon is still adamant that he will defeat Vegeta, and the two begin to fight again. After a furious but quick volley of blows, Vegeta rams his fist into Zarbon's stomach, breaking his armor and drawing blood. Zarbon, in a state of extreme pain and fear, claims that he was only following orders and begs for his life, and even offers Vegeta an alliance against his master (this was however just a lie to get a chance at mercy, as he still respected Frieza, made clear in the Japanese version, where he used the honorific "-sama" at Frieza's name). He implies that if they formed an alliance together, they could defeat Frieza, but Vegeta retorts that he won't show Zarbon any mercy after all of the years of abuse and finishes him off with a blast clean through his upper abs, destroying his backbone, and sending Zarbon to a watery grave in the Namekian sea, to Krillin and Bulma's shock.[24]

Dragon Ball Super[]

During the climax of the Vegeta Saga, Zarbon appears in a flashback in the "Special Comic" bonus chapter where he and Dodoria are preparing a group of combatant soldiers for the invasion of Namek and later partakes in the assault of Moori's village eventually being confronted by Warrior-type Namekians, one of which blasts Cranberry, who was one of the combatants soldiers, sending the soldier flying toward the displeased Zarbon that ultimately led Zarbon to kill him by kicking him into a nearby lake.[25]

Golden Frieza Saga[]

Main article: Golden Frieza Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Frieza with Zarbon, Dodoria, and the Ginyu Force in Dragon Ball Super
 		 	 
Zarbon and Dodoria make brief cameo appearances along with the Ginyu Force when Sorbet describes that the army suffered a great loss when Frieza and his elites were defeated on Namek. Zarbon is seen along with Dodoria in reference to Frieza's forces being vanquished in the past and his silhouette is visible in the image along with Frieza, Dodoria, and the Ginyu Force.[26] He is mentioned again by Sorbet in reference to Tagoma's power being comparable to that of Zarbon and Dodoria. After Tagoma suggests that they do not strike back at the Saiyans, Frieza declares that neither of his elites showcased such cowardice and blasts Tagoma for the insulting comparison.[27]

Dragon Ball GT[]

Super 17 Saga[]

Main article: Super 17 Saga

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon and Dodoria terrorizing Earth in Dragon Ball GT
 		 	 
Zarbon escapes from hell alongside Dodoria and they wreak havoc with all the other villains. He is presumably defeated again and sent back when the Z Fighters come to face all the previously defeated foes.[28]

Super Dragon Ball Heroes[]

Supreme Kai of Time Saga[]

Main article: Supreme Kai of Time Saga

An incarnation of Zarbon appears as one of the competitors in the Super Space-Time Tournament, along with Mecha Frieza, Dodoria, Shisami, Cui, Tagoma, and Sorbet. In the manga, Zarbon battles Zangya in a forest.[29] As a result of his team failing to advance to the second round of the tournament, Zarbon and his space-time were erased.

Film appearances[]

Bardock - The Father of Goku[]

Main articles: Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku and Genocide of the Saiyans

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon, Frieza, and Dodoria contemplate the fate of the Saiyans
 		 	 
In Age 737, within Frieza's Spaceship, Frieza is being briefed by his top two henchmen, Zarbon and Dodoria, in regards to the occurrences in their routine interplanetary galactic trade and conquering. Recent news reveals that the Saiyans' strength constantly grows after each battle. Zarbon informs Frieza that a group of low-class Saiyans had taken over Kanassa in just a few days. Dodoria states that the job to take Kanassa had not been done for several months, and that not even Frieza's elite squadrons could take Kanassa so easily. This is the first time Frieza is literally amazed at the growing power of the Saiyans. Frieza, Zarbon, and Dodoria contemplate the fate of the Saiyans due to the growing power of the species, and decide to take action in order to avoid further repercussions, as the Saiyans might pose a great threat to them in the future. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon warns Frieza about the growing threat of the Saiyans
 		 	 
Zarbon advises Frieza to eliminate the growing threat before it poses a greater problem. Dodoria and his elite fighters are ordered to eradicate Bardock, the second strongest Saiyan alive at the time, and his teammates (Tora, Borgos, Shugesh, and Fasha). Dodoria is successful in killing the team, but carelessly left Bardock alive after delivering one heavily powerful Mouth Energy Wave at him. When it became apparent that Bardock was going to decimate his entire army single-handedly, Zarbon was then ordered by Frieza to prepare his chair for liftoff. Zarbon expresses confusion as to why Frieza would want to leave the ship, before Frieza intimidates him into doing so when asking irritably if he is questioning his orders. Later, Frieza mercilessly destroys the Saiyan planet, along with Bardock in the midst. Zarbon and Dodoria are the only characters to bear witness when Frieza destroys Planet Vegeta. They stare at the destruction of the planet without any sympathy.

Fusion Reborn[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon appears in Fusion Reborn
 		 	 
Along with countless other Dragon Ball antagonists, Zarbon makes a cameo appearance in the 1995 film Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn when the residents of Hell make their escape to Earth. Similar to his brief appearance in the Super 17 Saga, Zarbon escapes from Hell alongside dozens of villains from the past when Frieza gives the order to attack. However, he was presumably defeated again and sent back to Hell when Gohan comes to stop Frieza's onslaught.

Broly[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Super: Broly

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon & Dodoria in Broly
 		 	 
Zarbon and Dodoria appear on Planet Vegeta as members of the Cold Force lead by King Cold who meets with King Vegeta to inform the Saiyans of his plans to retire and hand over leadership to his son Frieza with the Cold Force being renamed the Frieza Force marking the beginning of Frieza's tyrannical rule over the Saiyans who's planet had previously been annexed and its people enslaved by King Cold and the Cold Force.

Other Dragon Ball Stories[]

Dragon Ball SD[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Oolong disguised as Zarbon in Dragon Ball SD
 		 	 
Zarbon briefly appears in chapter 6 of Dragon Ball SD, in his normal form and monster form, but it is actually Oolong disguised as him.

Online[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon in his Monster form while under Towa's control in Dragon Ball Online
 		 	 
Zarbon also appears during the fifth Time Machine Quest in the computer game Dragon Ball Online. He is brainwashed by Towa through a special beam and turned into a giant just before his fight with Vegeta. After being defeated by the Time Patrol, Zarbon transforms into his monster form, but the change tampers with Towa's magic and he shrinks in size. Towa then leaves Zarbon, considering him a failure, and Zarbon is defeated by the Time Patrol.

Dragon Ball Fusions[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Fusions

Zarbon can be encountered along with Dodoria as a powerful enemy in Area 2F of the Timespace Rift near where Frieza's Spaceship was originally found before it was abandoned by Frieza and the Ginyu Force and taken over by Tekka's Team. After learning how to recruit new teammates and completing Sub-Event: "A Villain's Pride", Tekka's Team can recruit Zarbon by KOing Zarbon with a Zenkai Attack. After joining Tekka's Team, Zarbon will appear in the team's Spaceship. Interestingly, Zarbon will recognize the Team's Spaceship as being similar to Frieza's though dismisses the thought that it could actually be Frieza's Spaceship.

Xenoverse 2[]

Ruckus on Planet Namek Saga
In an altered history of Age 762, Zarbon accompanies Dodoria when he chases after Krillin, Gohan, and Dende on Namek. As a result, Krillin's Solar Flare attack on Dodoria fails as Zarbon who avoids being blinded blocks their escape path. Fortunately the Time Patrol sends the 2nd Future Warrior to assist Krillin and the others in escaping. Zarbon orders Dodoria to chase after Gohan and Dende when Krillin decides to stay behind with the Warrior and buy Gohan and Dende time to escape. With Krillin and the Warrior left behind to deal with Zarbon, Elder Kai tells the Warrior to keep Zarbon busy and make a break for it once Krillin manages to escape. Eventually Krillin manages to escape during the fighting and rejoins Gohan and Dende in hiding while the Warrior escapes to find Dodoria, who was attacked by Vegeta allowing Gohan and Dende to escape like in the original history. After Dodoria's defeat, the Warrior returns to Age 852 and Zarbon is killed by Vegeta like in the original history.

Frieza's Siege
Zarbon invades Conton City along with the rest of the Frieza Force.

What-if scenarios[]

Episode of Bardock[]

Main article: Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodoria and Zarbon appear in the Episode of Bardock special
 		 	 
Zarbon makes a brief appearance in the first chapter of Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock, during Bardock's failed last stand against Frieza. It is interesting to note that unlike in Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku, Zarbon and Dodoria are actually alongside Frieza when he blows up Planet Vegeta (in the special, they stay inside the ship).

Supersonic Warriors 2[]

Main article: Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2

Cooler's story mode includes a side-story where he comes to Earth as Metal Cooler (nucleus) with the Big Gete Star and, after defeating Super Saiyan Goku and Super Saiyan Vegeta in West City, uses the Dragon Balls to revive the Ginyu Force alongside Zarbon and Dodoria. In the scenario Zarbon is very sarcastic and insults the Ginyu Force by saying they have no subtlety after they try to persuade Cooler and Zarbon to join to their battle pose or mocking Dodoria that all he knows to say is that "we have a problem" whenever an enemy appears. He alerts Cooler that even without scouters, they can tell that Perfect Cell is too strong for them. At the end of the story, the Ginyu Force persuades Cooler and Zarbon to join them in their Fighting Pose after Cooler promised them to do so if they help him to defeat Perfect Cell.

Budokai Tenkaichi 2[]

Within Zarbon's main story mode in Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2, entitled Beautiful Treachery, he tries to find the Dragon Balls for his own desire of obtaining eternal beauty. Zarbon creates a lucrative scenario where he calls upon the Ginyu Force, along with Cooler and his squadron, and instigates a clash between Frieza and Cooler. However, after using Krillin, Dende, and Gohan to aid him in acquiring his wish, Zarbon finds that eternal beauty was not the most logical wish when dealing with an angered Frieza. Just as Goku arrives to help Zarbon battle Frieza, the fight is interrupted and Frieza sets off to battle his enraged brother Cooler. Zarbon and Goku try to escape the planet as the clash between the two tyrants obliterates it. Krillin succeeds in using the Dragon Balls to teleport Goku off the planet safely, while Zarbon is tragically left to die along with Namek, which in turn, is destroyed when the titanic battle between Cooler and Frieza erupts.

Power[]

Manga and Anime
Zarbon is indicated to be the strongest of his home planet at the time when he joined the Frieza Force as it is mentioned that when Frieza wiped out an entire species or planet, he kept the strongest warrior from each planet alive.

Zarbon's power level in his base form is said to be lower than Vegeta's 24,000. When fighting Vegeta in his base form he is able to hold his own but is overall outclassed. When Zarbon takes on his Monster form he quickly defeats Vegeta, showing that his power level in that state is well above 24,000. After Vegeta's power level increases to 30,000 from the Saiyan Power, Zarbon appears to still have an advantage to the Saiyan power-wise when in his Monster Form, however he was defeated due to coming at Vegeta with his guard down, allowing the prince to take advantage, blinding him with sand and then overwhelming and killing him.

Statements by author and guidebooks
Zarbon's power level is around 23,000 in his first form, as stated in Daizenshuu 7.[3]

The movie pamphlet for Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might states that he has a power level of 17,000 in base form.

Video games
Zarbon's power level is stated as being 23,000 in Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza, Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu, and Dragon Ball Z: Scouter Battle Taikan Kamehameha - Ora to Omee to Scouter and 27,599 when he escapes Hell during the Super 17 Saga. His Monster Form's power level is 55,000 in Gekishin Freeza and 30,000 in Super Saiya Densetsu.

In Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden, Zarbon's power level is 20,400 in his base form and 34,000 in his transformed state.

Abilities[]

Techniques

Forms and Power ups

Fusions

Equipment

Techniques
Flight – The ability to fly with the use of ki.

Ki Blast – The most basic form of energy wave.

Elegant Blaster - Zarbon puts his hand forward with the other supporting it in a manner similar to the Explosive Demon Wave. Then, he charges an orange energy sphere and fires it in the form of an energy wave at the opponent, inflicting a high amount of damage.
DUAL Elegant Blaster - A two-person team attack which appears as Zarbon's Dual Ultimate Attack skill in Xenoverse 2 after the 1.09.00 Update.

Possibility Cannon - The Possibility Cannon is a very versatile technique that can be fired from both one hand or two. It can be used as a regular full power energy wave or a giant energy sphere.

Ruthless Blow – A strong kick to the neck attack used to kill one of the elder Namekians in Moori's village, and later in Dragon Ball GT. Named in the Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game, where it is also alternatively named Devastation.

Shooting Star Arrow – First, Zarbon puts his right hand upward and charges an orange energy sphere. He then puts his hand forward and fires an energy wave at the opponent, inflicting a high amount of damage.

Super Beautiful Arrow – The user usually brings their arms to their sides, charges up ki, and then he throws his hands forward one after another as he rapidly fires many energy blasts.
Consecutive Energy Blast - Used in Xenoverse 2.

Energy Wave Combo - Used in Xenoverse 2.

Bloody Dance – Zarbon knocks the opponent into the air and delivers a brutal assault of physical strikes and finishes by kicking the opponent down to the ground.

Purple Circle – The user performs a backflip to kick their opponent in the chin, sending them flying.

Monster Break – As he says, "don't be shocked", Zarbon knees the opponent in their stomach. Then, he slaps the opponent in the face and kicks them up into the air. Finally, while saying "behold my power!", Zarbon grabs the opponent by their leg and swings them onto the ground, inflicting a high amount of damage.

Monster's Impact – First, Zarbon dashes towards his target and grabs their head, repeatedly headbutting the target, critically damaging them. Afterwards, Zarbon throws his injured target into the air, and finally kicks them back down to the ground, resulting in colossal damage.

Monster Crush – Zarbon grabs the opponent by their head and throws them up into the air. Then, he jumps up and slaps the opponent downwards before grabbing them with a piledriver and releasing them as they are sent crashing down into the ground, inflicting a high amount of damage.

Exploding Wave – One of Zarbon's techniques in Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza and Dragon Ball Z: Shin Butōden.

Super Footslide – A dashing slide kick used in the Butōden series.

Cosmic Energy Flash – Three consecutive ki blast fired with the Elegant Blaster pose. Used in the Butōden series.

Pinkeye Breaker – Zarbon's version of the Eye Lasers. Only used in the Butōden series.

Star Hail – A Full Power Energy Ball fired from one hand. It is one of Zarbon's super techniques in the Butōden series.

Vanity Spread Shot – Zarbon launches an energy sphere to the ground, and it divides into three smaller energy spheres which scatter in three different directions. It is one of Zarbon's super techniques in the Butōden series.

Destructive Sphere – Used in the Butōden series.

Meteor Change Charge – Zarbon's Meteor Attack in Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22, during which he changes into his Monster Form to attack the opponent.

Hyper Elegant Magnum – Zarbon kicks the opponent up in the air, and then punches them and kicks them down again. Used in Budokai.

Extra Graceful Cannon – A High Speed Rush used in Budokai. It is a combination of spinwheel roundhouse kicks.

Full Power – One of Zarbon's Blast 1 in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.

Wild Sense – One of Zarbon's Blast 1 in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.

False Courage – One of Zarbon's Blast 1 in his Monster Form in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.

Hi-Tension – One of Zarbon's Blast 1 in his Monster Form in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.

Blind Meteor – Used in Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2.

Elegant Crash - Zarbon's signature attack in the Raging Blast Series.

Hunting Claw – A grapple throw used by Zarbon in his monster form. Named in Zenkai Battle.

Audacious Laugh - Used in Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.

Bloody Counter - One of Zarbon's Evasive Skills in Xenoverse 2.

Telekinesis - Used in Xenoverse 2.
Death Psycho Bomb - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Zarbon's custom skillset after purchasing it in Partner Customization.

Death Meteor - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Zarbon's custom skillset after purchasing it Medals in Partner Customization.

Death Slicer - After the 1.09.00 Update in Xenoverse 2, it can be added to Zarbon's custom skillset after purchasing it in Partner Customization.

Bloody Sauce - Used by Dark Zarbon in Xenoverse 2.

Forms and Power ups
Monster Form
Main article: Transforming Ability

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon in his Monster Form
 		 	 
Zarbon has the distinct ability to transform into a reptilian beast. Incorporating brute strength and ferocity, his second form is the opposite in appearance to his first form, becoming grotesque and brutal. Upon transforming, his size increases as well as his muscular build and his skin becomes covered with noticeable scales, similar to that of a reptile. Thus, he only does this when extremely necessary since he dislikes disfiguring his image in such a grotesque manner. When paired with Dodoria in Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team, Zarbon states that this is his true form, though Daizenshuu 7 states that his elegant form is his normal state.

Zarbon's transformation is called Devilish Transformation (悪魔の変身, Akuma no Henshin) in Dragon Ball Z,[30] Monster Form in Dragon Ball Z: Budokai, while in the Budokai Tenkaichi series it is called Post-Transformation.

Time Breaker Giant Form
Main articles: Time Breaker Mind Control and Giant Form

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Time Breaker Zarbon in Dragon Ball Online
 		 	 
In Dragon Ball Online, Zarbon is brainwashed by Towa and granted Giant Form allowing him to increase his size and power without sacrificing the good looks of his base form. Like Cui & Dodoria, he gains red eyes & a green Time Breaker gem on his Battle Armor. In this form he is capable of holding his own against the Time Patrol.

Time Breaker Monster Form
Main articles: Transforming Ability and Time Breaker Mind Control

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Time Breaker Monster Form Zarbon in Dragon Ball Online
 		 	 
After the Time Patrol defeat his Time Breaker Giant Form, Zarbon resorts to transforming while brainwashed but the change tampers with Towa's magic and he shrinks slightly in size (like with Towa's failed attempt to grant the brainwashed Cui his own Giant Form). In this form, Zarbon's Monster form lacks the size of his previous brainwashed form, though he retains his red eyes and Time Breaker gem. However, due to Zarbon's Monster Form being incompatible with her magic, she considers this form to be a failure and abandons Zarbon who is defeated by the Time Patrol once more.

Villainous Mode
Main article: Villainous Mode

Zarbon utilizes the first stage in the main story and obtains the second stage power up in Parallel Quest: "Power Berserkers" in Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2.

Dark Ki
Main article: Dark Ki

Zarbon was brainwashed by Babidi alongside several combatants in Dragon Ball Legends.

Fusions
Dodobon
Main article: Dodobon

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Dodobon in Dragon Ball Fusions
 		 	 
Dodobon (Dodōbon, Dodobon) is the EX-Fusion of Dodoria and Zarbon introduced in Dragon Ball Fusions. Though Zarbon fuses with Dodoria in base form, Dodobon has traits of Zarbon's Monster form.

Ultra Fusion
Main articles: Five-Way Fusion and Ultra Fusion

By performing fusion with any four members of Tekka's Team via Five-Way Fusion, a powerful Ultra Fusion can be created. If initiated by Zarbon, the result will be a male Alien Ultra Fusion.

Equipment
Scouter - A wearable, all-purpose computer that the Frieza Force uses.

Battle Armor - Durable armor worn by members of the Frieza Force.

Metamo-Ring - A ring-shaped device invented by Bulma and a product of the Capsule Corporation that allows people to perform EX-Fusion in Dragon Ball Fusions.

Appearances[]

Manga[]

Chapter Appearances
	

v • eNamek Saga
	

242. The Bittersweet End
	
Absent
	

243. Destination Namek
	
Absent
	

244. The Mysterious Spaceship
	
Absent
	

245. 3... 2... 1... Lift Off!
	
Absent
	

246. The Return of Vegeta
	
Absent
	

247. Planet Namek, Cold and Dark
	
Debut
	

248. The Mysterious Strangers
	
Appears
	

249. Vegeta's True Power
	
Appears
	

250. Goku Returns! Again!
	
Appears
	

251. Son Goku's Spaceship
	
Appears
	

252. Namekian Fear
	
Appears
	

253. Showdown!
	
Appears
	

254. Ten Seconds of Death
	
Appears
	

255. Son Gohan Snaps!
	
Appears
	

256. Death in Flight
	
Appears
	

257. Vegeta vs. Dodoria
	
Mentioned
	

258. Hide and Seek
	
Absent
	

259. The Sixth Dragon Ball
	
Absent
	

260. The Last Dragon Ball
	
Appears
	

261. The Four Dead Heroes
	
Appears
	

262. Vegeta vs. Zarbon
	
Appears
	

263. Zarbon's True Power
	
Appears
	

264. The Great Elder's House
	
Appears
	

265. The Dragon Balls Change Hands
	
Appears
	

266. Vegeta's Laughter, Freeza's Rage
	
Appears
	

267. Reunion of Terror!
	
Appears
	

268. Vegeta in Overdrive!
	
Death
	

269. Brains and Brawn
	
Absent
	

270. Premonitions of War
	
Mentioned
	

271. The Enemy of My Enemy...
	
Absent
	

272. The Ginyu Force
	
Absent
	

273. Five Deadly Fighters
	
Absent
	

274. Gurd's Psychic Powers
	
Absent
	

275. Vegeta vs. Reacoom
	
Absent
	

276. Vegeta vs. Reacoom, Part 2
	
Absent
	

277. Freeza Victorious?!!
	
Absent
	

278. Son Gohan's Last Stand
	
Absent
	

279. Son Goku Has Landed!
	
Absent
	

280. Super Saiyan?
	
Absent
	

281. Jheese and Butta
	
Absent
	

	

v • eFrieza Saga
	

291. Nail's Sacrifice
	
Absent
	

292. The True Dragon God
	
Absent
	

293. The Three Wishes
	
Absent
	

294. The Last Wish
	
Absent
	

295. The Assimilation
	
Mentioned
	

296. The Transformation
	
Absent
	

297. Freeza vs. Gohan
	
Absent
	

298. Freeza vs. Gohan, Part 2
	
Absent
	

299. The Fourth Warrior
	
Absent
	

300. Freeza vs. Piccolo
	
Absent
	

301. Freeza vs. Piccolo, Part 2
	
Absent
	

302. Freeza's Third Form
	
Absent
	

303. Vegeta's Ploy
	
Absent
	

304. The Final Transformation
	
Absent
	

305. Will It Be Freeza? Or Vegeta?
	
Absent
	

306. Son Goku... Resurrected!!
	
Absent
	

307. The Ultimate Battle Begins!
	
Absent
	

308. The Death of Vegeta
	
Absent
	

309. Underwater Battle
	
Absent
	

310. Aerial Battle
	
Absent
	

311. Hand to Foot
	
Absent
	

312. 50% Maximum Power
	
Absent
	

313. Kaiō-ken times 20!!!
	
Absent
	

314. The Great Genki-Dama
	
Absent
	

315. The Last Chance
	
Absent
	

316. The Galaxy Strikes Back
	
Absent
	

317. Life or Death
	
Absent
	

318. The Super Saiyan
	
Absent
	

319. The Tables Turn
	
Absent
	

320. The End of Namek?
	
Absent
	

321. Maximum Desperation
	
Absent
	

322. Two Warriors, One Finish
	
Absent
	

323. The Two Wishes
	
Absent
	

324. The Quiet, Fierce Battle
	
Absent
	

325. Son Goku Quits
	
Absent
	

326. Son Goku's Choice
	
Absent
	

327. The End of Everything
	
Absent
	

328. Namek's End
	
Absent
	

329. Where is Goku?
	
Absent
	

	

v • eGods of the Universe Saga
	

1. Chapter 1
	
Mentioned
	

2. Chapter 2
	
Absent
	

3. Chapter 3
	
Absent
	

	

Appearances in Other Media[]

Video Game Appearances[]

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Zarbon in Budokai Tenkaichi
 		 	 
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Budokai Team Frieza Trophy for unlocking Zarbon and Dodoria in Budokai HD Collection
 		 	 
Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza

Dragon Ball Z: Super Saiya Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22

Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden

Dragon Ball Z: Super Gokuden: Kakusei-Hen

Dragon Ball Z: Gekitō Tenkaichi Budōkai

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2

Dragon Ball Z: Bakuretsu Impact

Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3

Dragon Ball Z: Scouter Battle Taikan Kamehameha - Ora to Omee to Scouter

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast

Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team

Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2

Dragon Ball Heroes

Dragon Ball Kai: Ultimate Butōden

Dragon Ball: Zenkai Battle

Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi

Dragon Ball Z For Kinect

Dragon Ball Z: Budokai HD Collection

Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butōden

Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle

Dragon Ball Fusions

Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2

Dragon Ball Legends

Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot

Dragon Ball: The Breakers

Dragon Ball: Sparking! Zero

Dragon Ball Super Divers

Dragon Ball: Gekishin Squadra

In Gekishin Freeza, after Zarbon's defeat, his base form character model re-appears as a recurring foe named Yūzu (ユーズ, Yūzu).

In Super Saiya Densetsu, Zarbon gets two color edits in his monster form that appear as recurring foes: the blond Aboga (アボガ, Aboga) (called "Red" or "Fepha" in English versions) and the blue haired Mandarin (マンダリン, Mandarin) (called "G.BLY" in the English version).

In The Breakers, Zarbon and Dodoria backup First Form Frieza.

Voice Actors[]

Japanese: Shō Hayami (DBZ, video games until 2007), Hiroaki Miura (DB Kai, video games from 2009 onward, Episode of Bardock)

English:
Ocean Group dubs: Paul Dobson

Funimation dub: Christopher Sabat (DBZ, Xenoverse and most media), J. Michael Tatum (DBZ Kai and video games from Raging Blast 2 onwards until Battle of Z)

AB Groupe dub: Doug Rand

Spanish:
Castilian Spanish dub: Manolo Solo (DBZ 1st voice), Antonio Inchausti † (DBZ 2nd voice), José Manuel Seda (DBZ 3rd voice, Bardock - The Father of Goku, DBZ Kai)

Latin American Spanish dub: Arturo Mercado

Portuguese:
Brazilian Portuguese dub: Affonso Amajones, Thiago Zambrano (DBZ Kai)

European Portuguese dub: Ricardo Spínola

Catalan dub: Aleix Estadella

French dub: Patrick Borg (most media), Marc Lesser (Bardock - The Father of Goku)

Italian dub: Claudio Moneta

German dub: Oliver Feld

Polish dub: Modest Ruciński

Greek dub: Maria Plakidi (DBZ), Maria Bonikou (DBZ eps. 56-57), Yiannis Papaioannou (DBZ ep. 78), Themis Psihogios (DBZ ep. 104), Maria Zisi (Bardock - The Father of Goku)

Tamil dub: Shekar

Battles[]

Dragon Ball Z
Zarbon vs. Namekians

Zarbon (Base/Monster Form) vs. Vegeta

Zarbon (Base/Monster Form) vs. Vegeta

Super Dragon Ball Heroes
Manga
Zarbon and Dodoria vs. Zangya and Bido

List of Characters Killed by Zarbon[]

Dragon Ball Z
Cranberry - Killed when Zarbon kicked him after one of the Namekian Warriors sent the Combatant flying in Zarbon's direction.

Trivia[]

His name comes from the Japanese word for the pomelo fruit (ザボン, or 朱欒).

In an issue of Beckett Anime, a Beckett magazine publication, Zarbon was voted as one of the top five greatest henchmen of all anime and was the only character from Dragon Ball Z on the list.

In the Funimation dub, in Vegeta's flashback in which he, Nappa and Raditz conquer Planet Shikk, Zarbon has an Australian accent.

His voice in the games greatly differs from his voice in the English dubs of the anime. The original Funimation dub, first seen in Frieza's flashback to King Vegeta's rebellion against him, has Zarbon's voice sound similar to the Ocean dub. In later versions of the FUNimation dub, his voice was changed so it resembled King Cold's or Caroni's (similar to how later versions made Vegeta's voice deeper than it did in the original Funimation).

Zarbon is the first villain in the original manga and anime who is shown to be able to transform at will (without the resulting transformation being a Giant Form (such as Great Namekian and Super Giant-Form). However, the members of the Serpent Demon Clan who debuted in Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone are the first villains overall to have this trait.

In the manga, Zarbon informs Vegeta about Frieza's ability to transform. This was removed from the anime, but Vegeta still tells to Frieza that it is Zarbon who told him about his ability to transform.

When Zarbon arrived for his second confrontation with Vegeta, Bulma fell in love with him at first sight (though he did not seem to notice) and thought he was a handsome hero that was there to rescue her.
He is the fourth and final villain that Bulma lusts after the first being Oolong transformed into a handsome gentleman, the second is Yamcha when he was still a bandit, and the third was General Blue during the General Blue Saga.
In Dragon Ball SD, this running gag is lampshade by having Oolong transform into Zarbon in the Dragon Ball SD version of the Emperor Pilaf Saga.

In Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 during the Hero Colosseum Saga, Zarbon's attempts to seduce Bulma to acquire more Hero Figures for the Frieza Force which angers her husband Vegeta indicating Vegeta hasn't forgotten Bulma's encounter with and initial reaction to Zarbon on Namek.

A mistake regarding Zarbon's armor was made during the scene where Vegeta kills him. At the beginning of this scene, Zarbon's armor is already battle-damaged, and his cape is gone. While they are fighting, however, his armor and cape are completely intact, as the animators used a clip from a previous Vegeta vs. Zarbon scene. This is fixed in Dragon Ball Z Kai.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Vegeta with the Pomelo (Zarbon) and Durian (Dodoria) fruits
 		 	 
In the episode "To the Promised Resort! Vegeta Takes a Family Trip!", there is a strong reference serving as a nod to Zarbon and Dodoria when Vegeta is seen with twigs sticking out of his hair and two fruits on both sides that serve as the pun, a Pomelo (Zarbon) sticking out of one side and a Durian (Dodoria) sticking out of the other. Both Zarbon and Dodoria served as primary antagonists to Vegeta.

According to Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3, Chi-Chi has mixed feelings about Zarbon's appearance. If you listen to her commentary about Zarbon in his base form, she will say "It's a face that superficial Bulma would like", but if you listen to her commentary on Monster Zarbon, she will say "Eek! For that good-looking face to become so dreadful!"

The Potara earrings greatly resemble Zarbon's earrings and the charm on his headpiece.

In the Greek dub, Zarbon is a woman. In the flashbacks though, in episodes 78 and 104, Zarbon is a male.

Gallery[]

Main article: Zarbon/Gallery

References[]

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn, 1995

↑ Dragon Ball Volume ‘F’, 2015

↑ 3.0 3.1 Daizenshuu 7, 1996

↑ as stated in the Bardock TV Special through communicator transmissions

↑ 5.0 5.1 Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, 2016

↑ Dragon Ball Z: Kakarot, 2020

↑ In the battle mode in Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team, Zarbon and Vegeta are both entitled as "Prince of Another Planet" on a stage select title.

↑ Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2, 2010

↑ 9.0 9.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 53, "Zarbon's Surprise"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 78, "Fighting Power: One Million??"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 104, "Frieza Defeated!!"

↑ 12.0 12.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 44, "Brood of Evil"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 46, "Defying Orders"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 47, "Namek's Defense"

↑ 15.0 15.1 Dragon Ball Z episode 48, "The Hunted"

↑ Vegeta Saga

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 45, "Frieza Strikes!"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 49, "The Prince Fights Back"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 51, "Vegeta Has a Ball"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 52, "The Past and Future"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 54, "Guru's Gift"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 55, "Piccolo vs. Everyone"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 56, "Zarbon's Mission"

↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 57, "Gohan, the Hunted"

↑ Dragon Ball Super bonus chapter, "Special Comic"

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 19, "Despair Redux! The Return of the Evil Emperor, Frieza!"

↑ Dragon Ball Super episode 20, "A Warning from Jaco! Frieza and 1,000 Soldiers Close In"

↑ Dragon Ball GT episode 42, "A Dangerous Union"

↑ Super Dragon Ball Heroes: Ultra God Mission!!!! chapter 1, "Begin! Super Space-Time Tournament"

↑ Japanese title of episode "Zarbon's Surprise"

Site Navigation[]

v · d · eFrieza Force	
	
Leaders	Chilled • Frieza Race Conton City Hero • King Cold (Future • Cell) • Frieza (Future • Cell • Xeno • Team 4) • Frost • Frieza's Honor Guard (Captain Wata • Rigll)
		
	
Sub-leaders	Captain Ginyu • Cooler (Meta • Future) • Froze • Garana • Sorbet • Tagoma • Kuriza • Frieza's Honor Guard (Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Toki Toki City Hero)
	
	
Executives and elite soldiers	Abo • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bonyu • Broly • Burter • Chidoru • Cui • Dodoria • Dore • Fry • General Sus • Guldo • Jeice • Kabosu • Kado • Majuub • Neiz • Onio • Payer • Recoome • Salza • Shisami • Tack • Tick • Tobi • Tock • King Vegeta (Xeno) • Vegeta (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Yūzu • Zarbon
	
	
Mid-level soldiers	Appule • Cabira • Caluppa • Cranbo • Daigen • Fargo • Gonma • King Vegeta's Elite • Nappa (Cell) • Napple • Paragus (Super) • Raditz • Unnamed Captain • Officer
	
	
Low-level soldiers	Combatants • Cranberry • Cyclopian Guards • Three Planet Frieza #79 soldiers • Bardock (Future • Xeno) • Blueberry • Borgos • Cheelai • Fasha • Fisshi • Frieza Soldiers • Frog-Face • Guprei • Iru • Kakarot (Future • Cell • Xeno) • Krumbo • Leek • Mei • Melone • Monre • Nabana • Namole • Navel • Orlen • Raspberry • Robery • Scarface • Shorty • Shugesh • Taro • Tora • Turles (Xeno)
	
	
Non-combatants	Beets • Berryblue • Kikono • Lemo • Macki • Nion • Oil • Gichamu • Gine • Guide Robo • Frieza Force medics • Malaka • Planthorr • Moroko • Shito
	
	
Fused members	Aka • Burce • Celluza • Chiaoldo • Chiaoman • Coolieza • Dodobon • Ginyuman • Ginyuza • Gulce • Meta-Cooler Core • Natz • Rappa • Recurter • Reguldo • Saibaking • Ultimate Ultra Fusion • Ultra Fusion (Ginyu Force)
	
	
Squadrons	Cooler Force (Cooler's Armored Squadron • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dried Fruitz • Team Dodoria • Frieza's Elite (Ginyu Force • Frieza's Honor Guard) • Namek Invasion Task Force • Frieza's Subordinates • Galaxy Soldiers • Third Stellar Region • Frieza Soldiers • New Frieza Army • New Gadget Super Lovers • Saiyan Army (Team Bardock • King Vegeta's Elite • Phantom Saiyans) • Team 5 • Team Zarbon
	
	
Races controlled	Aka's race • Ankoku-seijin • Appule's race • Arcosians • Arlians • Boulean • Beppa-seijin • Blueberry's race • Bowlean • Brench-seijin • Burter's race • Buonean • Cabira's race • Cranberry's race • Cui's race • Dodoria's race • Earthlings • Fishman • Frieza Clan • Frieza Soldier race • Frog-Face's race • Ginyu's race • Hera Clan • Inhabitants of Plant • Iru's race • Jiggler • Kanassan • Kettlean • Ledgic's race • Litts • Malaka's race • Majins • Mixxileean • Namekians • Namekian Frogs • Recoome's race • Rejinean • Saibamen • Saiyans • Serpent • Sinkleean • Slug-jin  • Sui's race • Toasterean • Tobi's race • Vewonean • Yardrat • Zalt-seijin • Zarbon's race
	
	
Planets	Arcose • Bas • Big Gete Star • Cereal • Cooler No. 6 • Cooler's Unnamed Planet • Frieza No. 17 • Frieza No. 79 • Cooler No. 98 • Cooler No. 256 • Frieza No. 448 • Frieza's Training Planet • Kanassa • King Cold's planet • Litt • Meat • Shikk • Tritek • Vegeta • Zeshin and Bun's planet
	
	
Motherships	Bardock's Spaceship • Chilled's Spaceship • Cooler's Spaceship • Frieza's Spaceship • Garana's Spaceship • King Cold's Spaceship • Transport Ship
	
	
Technology	Attack Ball • Battle Armor • Cosmic Suit • Drones (Assist Drone • Attack Drone • Recovery Drone) • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Galactic Arena • Grenade • Hovercar • Hover Pod • Kiri Charging Machine • Laser Sword • Medical Machines • Metamo-Ring • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher (Frieza's Rocket Launcher) • Saibamen Set • Scouter
	
	
Operations and Wars	Attack on Planet Plant • Occupation of Planet Vegeta • Kanassan war • Invasion of Planet Meat • Genocide of the Saiyans • Shikk conflict • Tritek conflict • Attack on Zeshin and Bun's planet • Attack on Gure's planet • Attacks on Earth • Fight on Planet Frieza 448 • Broly conflict • Frieza's Siege • Tournament of Time
	
	
Allies & Affiliated Groups	Beerus • Cells (Cell • Cell Jr.) • Dragon Ball Heroes (Froze) • Dark Empire • Dark Namekians (First Narak) • Frieza Clan • Heeter • Mastermind's group (Mastermind • Giblet) • Pilaf Gang (Emperor Pilaf • Mai • Shu) • Red Ribbon Army (Red Pants Army) • Team Beerus (Shallot) • Team Universe 7 • Time Patrol • Whis
	
	
Related	Kili • Pol • Vegeta's Palace
	

v · d · eDark Empire	
	
Leaders	Dabura (Xeno) • Demigra • Fu • Mechikabura • Mira ((Dark Empire)) • Towa
		
	
Notable Members	Chronoa (brainwashed) • Gravy • Fin • Masked Saiyan (Xeno) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno King Vegeta
	
	
Members	Android 8000 • Android 19000 • Black-Masked Saiyan • Bongo • Captain Bacterian • Captain Taylor • Cell • Cui • Chocolay • Day Day • Demon Realm Soldiers (Σ • Ω • Δ • Λ • Reaper) • Dodoria • Dogidogi • First Narak • Future Android 16 • Gamelan • General Bon • General Sus • Gohan • Great Devilman • Guard Troops • Haru Haru • July • Lord Slug • Masked Future Warrior • Mira's Robots • Mr. Poko Poko • Psi Devilman • Octopapa • Skull Robo • Shun Shun • Turles • Week • Xeno Dende • Xeno Paragus
	
	
Fused Members	Damira • Demon King Daccolo • Meta-Cooler Core • Towale • Towane
	
	
Other affiliates	Broly • Cooler Force (Big Gete Star • Cooler • Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Frieza Force (Dodoria • Frieza • Ginyu Force • Zarbon) • Xeno Cell (Cell • Future) • Android 13 • Future Android 17 (Present) • Future Android 18 • Janemba (Future) • Saibamen • Shadow Dragons (Eis Shenron • Nuova Shenron • Syn Shenron) • Universe Creation Planners (Dr. Wheelo • Bojack • Super 17) • Karoly • Waipa • Yamcha • Zamases (Zamasu (Future)/Goku Black/Fused Zamasu (Crimson-Masked Saiyan)) • Future Jiren)
	
	
Sub-factions	Demon (Majin (Demon Realm Race • Buu's subspecies • Android Majin) • Devils) • Frieza's Army remnants • (Captain Wata • Archie • Bomb King Nobel • Bullgokin • Compression-01 • Fry • Tick • Tock) • Red Pants Army (Tao X • General White Jr. • Android 9 • Cloned Dr. Gero • General Bon) • Warriors of Darkness • Dark Namekians (Copycat Nail • Narak-type Namekian • Dark Vassals) • Captain Bacterian's Pirates • Bio-Android
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dark Demon Realm Saga • Dark Empire Saga • Dark King Mechikabura Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Super Space-Time Tournament
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related	CC Robot • Dark Dragon Ball (Dark Shenron) • Dark Energy • Dark Evolution • Dark Magic (Villainous Mode • Supervillain (Ultra) • Brainwash Attack) • Darkness Sword • Demigra Army • Demon God (Dark King • True • Transcended) • Demon Realm (Mechikabura's Tower • Southeast Prison Complex) • Demon Realm Crystal • Distorted Time Egg • Energy-Suction Device • Fruit of the Tree of Might (Demon Realm) • Gate • Kili • Ki-Sealing Handcuff • Pseudo Universe (Earth (Capsule Corporation • West City) • Planet Vegeta (Vegeta's Palace)) • Pure Majin • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Scroll of Eternity • Super Saiyan (Demon Realm Race) (Super Mira (Fin Absorbed) • Rampaging) • Time Breaker Mind Control (Giant Form • Mask) • Time Cutter • Time Power Unleashed (Brainwashed Berserk) • Universe Seed (Universe Tree) • World of Mind Control
	

v · d · eTime Patrol	
	
Leaders	Chronoa • Future Trunks (Xeno) • Old Kai • King Kai
	
	
Members	
Heroes Members	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Gohan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Bardock 
 Bulma • Sealas • Tokitoki • Chamel • Beat • Note • Fen • Leggings • Froze • Kabra • Kagyu • Nim • Wairu • Zen • Hero Robots • Super Hero Robo • Putine
	
	
Fused Members	Xeno Gogeta • Xeno Gohanks • Xeno Gotenks • Xeno Vegito • Xeno Vegeks • Jacunks
	
	
Xenoverse Members	Tokitoki • Toki Toki City Hero • Conton City Hero • Ninja Murasaki • Konkon • Chacha • Akkah • Aoh
	
	
Online Members	Hope! • Youth
	

	
	
Squadrons	Taino Force • Romance Rangers • Nutz Gang • Murasaki Brothers • Hero Society • Dragon Ball Heroes • Warriors of Light
	
	
Masters/Instructors/Partners	Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Bardock • Beerus • Bojack • Broly (DBS) • Captain Ginyu • Cell • Cooler • Dodoria • Frieza • Fu • Gogeta • Gohan (Future) • Goku • Good Buu • Gotenks • Hit • Jaco • Janemba • Jiren • Kefla • Krillin • Lord Slug • Mr. Satan • Nappa • Syn Shenron • Pan • Piccolo • Raditz • Super Buu • Tapion • Tien Shinhan • Future Trunks • Turles • Vegeta • Vegito • Videl • Whis • Yamcha • Future Zamasu (Goku Black) • Zarbon
	
	
Allies	Android 17 (Hell Fighter • Super 17) • Android 21 (Good) • Beat's Mom • Bocacchi • Cooler Force (Meta-Cooler Corps.) • Dragon Team (Capsule Corporation • Earth's Resistance • Saiya Squad • Team Universe 7 • Z Fighters) • Frieza Force (Ginyu Force) • Galactic Patrol • Giru • Kang • Kong • Minotia • Namekians (Dende • Kami • Grand Elder Guru • Nail) • New Crane School • Saibamen • Tapion • Turtle School (New Turtle School) • Bardock • Bee • Beerus • Bubbles • Bulma (Future) • Champa • Chi-Chi • Dr. Hedo • Earth's Military (King Furry) • Farmer • Fortuneteller Baba • Gamma 1 • Gamma 2 • Gregory • Majin family • Majuub • Mr. Popo • Nallej • King Kai • Oolong • Pikkon (Future) • Pride Troopers (Dyspo • Jiren • Top) • Scratch • Vados • Whis • Xeno King Vegeta • Xiaon • Yajirobe • Yuto • Zeno (Future) • Aeos • Warriors in Black (Future Warrior in Black • Namekian in Black • Vidro) • Demigra Army (Demigra • Chamel • Robelu • Shirogame) • Putine • Salsa • Shroom
	
	
Conflicts	
Main Conflicts	Dragon Ball Online • Dragon Ball Heroes (World Mission • Dark Empire Saga • Prison Planet Saga • Universal Conflict Saga • Universe Creation Saga • New Space-Time War Saga • Supreme Kai of Time Saga (Super Space-Time Tournament) • Demon Invader Saga) • Dragon Ball Xenoverse • Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 (Unknown History Saga • Infinite History Saga • Frieza's Siege • Hero Colosseum • Conton City Tournament) • Dragon Ball: The Breakers • Dragon Ball Z: Dokkan Battle • Dragon Ball Fusions (Timespace Tournament)
	
	
Altered Timelines	Genocide of the Saiyans • Cell Games • Tournament of Destroyers • Tournament of Power
	

	
	
Related Articles	Alternate Timeline • Capsule (CC Mascot • Vehicle Capsule 315 • Vehicle Capsule 318 • Vehicle Capsule 340) • CC Robot • Dragon Ball Heroes machines • Hero Suit (Great Saiyaman Watch) • Hero Switch • Hero Town • Toki Toki City • Conton City (Dragon • Dragon Ball Pedestal • Conton City Patroller Academy • Time Miniature • Time Nest • Tokitoki (race) • Tokitoki's Egg (Distorted Time Egg) • Gate • Hercule Badge • Mask • Scouter • Scroll of Eternity (Lucky Time Box) • Sealas' Staff • Super Soul • Key Sword • Ray Gun • Rocket Launcher • Rift in Time (Crack of Time) • Time Machine (Super Time Machine) • Time Patroller Suit • Transphere (Super) • World of Mind Control • Z-Soul
	

v · d · eSuper Space-Time Tournament	
	
Team 1	Goku • Vegeta • Gohan • Piccolo • Yamcha • Hit • Jiren
	
	
Team 2	Xeno Goku • Xeno Vegeta • Xeno Trunks • Xeno Pan • Xeno Goten • Xeno Gohan • Chronoa
	
	
Team 3	Tapion • Konatsians
	
	
Team 4	Mecha Frieza • Zarbon • Dodoria • Shisami • Cui • Tagoma • Sorbet
	
	
Team 5	Frieza • Cooler • Hearts • Cumber • Super 17 • Dr. Wheelo • Turles
	
	
Team 6	Dabura • Pui Pui • Spopovich • Yamu • Yakon
	
	
Team 7	Android 13 • Android 14 • Android 15 • Android 16 • Android 17 • Android 18 • Android 19
	
	
Team 8	Lord Slug • Medamatcha • Angila • Wings • Commander Zeeun
	
	
Team 9	Bojack • Zangya • Bido • Bujin • Kogu
	
	
Team 10	Salza • Dore • Neiz • Raditz
	
	
Team 11	Captain Ginyu • Jeice • Burter • Recoome • Guldo
	
	
Team 12	Mercenary Tao • Ninja Murasaki • Colonel Silver • General White • General Blue • Buyon • Major Metallitron
	
	
Intruders	Broly • Hirudegarn • Kid Buu • Janemba • Cell
	
	
Berserkers	Android 13 • Baby • Bojack • Cell • Chilled • Fin • Gravy • Hatchiyack • Innocent Buu • Lord Slug • Putine • Salsa • Shroom • Xeno Dabura • Xeno Syn Shenron
	
	
Unknown Team Members	Frost • King Cold • Angol • Moah • Bergamo • Rasin • Lakasei • Basil • Murichim • Dercori